
                Chapter 1 Boring introduction - Where is the magic?
 

The dull sound of gloved fists hitting a sack filled with sand was all she focused on, her own breathing and heartbeat growing distant as her unrelenting assault pummeled into the unfeeling enemy. A beeping sound woke her from the trance, the phone lying on the ground calling for her to stop. Sweat dripped down her brow as she looked around the gym. Picking up the phone, she grabbed her towel and walked towards the exit.
“Bye Mark.” She called out to the bald man engrossed in a conversation near the counter. He gestured to the other man and smiled at her.
“Ilea, hey I just wanted to ask again about the classes. Are you sure you don’t want to try?”
She stopped and looked at him, cleaning her face with the towel, “I appreciate the offer, really. You know I love it but with uni starting next week I just can’t.”
The younger man next to Mark lifted his eyebrows. She was aware of his stare and locked eyes with him until he shifted his attention. “Mark are you kidding me? I’ve been training every day for the past two weeks and you won’t let me join the locals?”
He was obviously upset but Mark just smiled at him, “Jon, I would be careful or she’ll show you the reason why I wanted her to go instead of you or anybody else. Two weeks doesn’t make a tournament ready fighter.” He nodded to Ilea and smiled. Of course he understood but she couldn’t help but feel a little bad about it.
Mark had been there for her but never interrupted other than correcting her form. She had crunched the numbers however and didn’t plan to end up as a thirty year old still working in fast food with a fucked up face to boot. Even if she somehow won at the locals and moved on to become a professional, she wasn’t ready for destroyed knees at the age of forty. The complaining she barely recognized behind her nearly made her stop and reconsider but she had signed up for a different life already. As a hobby, that’s what it will stay.
With what she had in mind she could at least help people with said destroyed knees. Walking out of the gym, she was met by the bright afternoon sun. The walk back to her small one room apartment was brief, her towel dropped on the pile of unwashed clothing near the door. Tomorrow I’ll clean up, I swear. The thought wasn’t meant for anybody in particular, a remainder of the trained shame she should feel at the scene before her.
Sunlight breaking through the half closed blinds illuminated the battlefield of a room that probably hadn’t seen much cleaning in the past couple days or even weeks. Dirty bowls, food packages and bottles littered the table, only interrupted by two screens and a half covered keyboard. The ground was covered in clothes, books and various other things.
Ilea closed her eyes and smiled. It wasn’t the biggest place nor the most organized but hey, it was hers. Undressing on the way to the shower, she reveled in the cold water before searching for her work uniform. “There you are.” Stuffed in a corner of the room, she frowned at the wrinkles on it and threw it on the big pile near the door. Luckily she had three sets, one of them remained washed and at least somewhat straight in the drawer below her bed.


“Good day at shitty fast-food place 87, what would you like to order?” with a monotone voice she greeted the person in front of her.
“Did you just say shitty fast-food place… well whatever… I’d just like a coffee and one of the cheeseburgers. And only a little sugar, I’m on a diet.” the man winked at her as she typed the order into the computer in front of her.
“Anything else?”
The man shook his head “Your company with the coffee, if that’s on the menu?” He smiled at her
“I’m afraid slavery is illegal sir but I heard the chicken nuggets tell some interesting tales.” She finished her typing as he looked at her with a puzzled expression.
“That’ll be 3.99.” Putting the money into the counter she placed the requested order on the tray in front of her, “Have a wonderful day.” A radiant smile with piercing blue eyes saw the customer off as she shifted her gaze to the next one. ‘Another week…,’ she thought. ‘Well not quite.’
“Hey Ilea, you’re not coming in tomorrow right?” Her colleague greeted her as he took over her place a couple hours later.
“Yes, orientation at college.”
He smiled “Oh interesting, so we’re seeing less of your beautiful face around here from now on? Major?”
She grunted and replied, “Medicine.”
“Oof, that’s a tough one. Didn’t think you’d go that way.” The man said making her rise her eyebrow.
She had thought about a major for a while and definitely wanted to go into the health sector. Nursing school was an alternative but her snarky comments would likely make problems with the doctors. Why not infiltrate their ranks then. Tuition was the same and she could think about it in the first semester. Maybe something with nutrition would be interesting as well. Working in a gym sounds interesting too. Therapy or something. First she had to survive the organizational nightmare that was joining the academic life.
“Might change it after a semester or specialize. A lot of the basic classes overlap.”
He nodded and smiled, as he always did. Philosophy majors had a reputation after all. “Well good luck either way!”
 
 
A solid ten hours of sleep after her shift had ended, It would take the full force of the sun to wake up what lay slumbering between the numerous pillows on the bed. Not leaving waking up to chance though, the mechanical device next to the bed sprang to life as the room was filled with noise.
A groan escaped the woman lying in the bed as an outstretched arm swiftly disabled the alarm clock. “Fuuuuck, it’s too early.” going back to sleep, the woman laid there for another fifteen minutes until the first of her five alarms on her phone sprang to life. After another half an hour, the last one was disabled and with another groan Ilea finally managed to sit up on her bed with all of her willpower. “Mornings suck.” She declared to the world and any gods that were listening.
Not quite awake, the woman grudgingly left her warm nest and entered the small bathroom in her flat, her morning autopilot helping her dodge any stray item on the floor. Standing in the shower for ten minutes, her eyes slowly started to open. She nearly slipped when leaving the shower but caught herself in the last second. “Avoided death there…,” murmuring, the woman left the bathroom with a toothbrush in her mouth. Fighting to get her socks on, sniffing on some clothes and lastly going back shirtless to the bathroom, she spat into the sink. This is going to be every single day for years now. Are you ready?
Getting a bus after changing her clothes at home, Ilea watched the houses and streets fly by as she sipped from her third coffee. The woman occasionally staring back at her in the murky glass looked everything but ready to her. “Next stop Silan college.” reacting to the female voice coming from the speakers, she stood up quickly and left the bus. A field of green with a towering structure in the middle of it all spread in front of her as she took in the view, falling in line with the other supposed students having their first day. Seems rather plain. Walking towards the structure, she entered into a hall decorated with various expensive looking furniture. Dozens of other people her age stood or sat around. Some talking, some looking at their phones.
“Ilea!” a shrill voice took her out of her daydream about chocolate when two arms reached around her and hugged her tight.
“...air” She managed to say with the last of her breath. Oblivious to her pleas, her friend kept hugging her, only letting her go just as the world around Ilea became dark. She could swear she felt a cracking of bone.
Breathing steadily she looked at her friend “Rory I told you not to do that.” she said with a weak voice.
“I know I know, I’m just so excited you know! We both made it in! Can you believe it??” Some of the people around them chuckled at the sight but were soon lost again in their own activities.
“Yes, yes in fact I can believe it, we’re here after all Rory.”
Rory only frowned at her “Always so rational. Can’t you FEEL the excitement!” Her friend said
Oh boy this is gonna be a long day…, Ilea’s thoughts were interrupted as an announcer asked the newly enrolled students to enter the main hall. The day went by without any major surprises. Ilea reached her home with her new and fully packed schedule including a bunch of paper she didn’t know what to do with. Her floor was already filled which made her chose the chair instead.
“Why are they not giving us these in digital form?” The mountain of paper was at least a tree’s worth. Something like the fabled internet could really improve the archaic school she had chosen. Sinking into the bed, she checked out the latest trends in cat videos.
Sooner rather than later, a rumbling reminded her of the purest primal need. The thought driving her forward, she forced herself to get up and check the fridge standing in the small kitchen. A single pan covered loosely with an unfitting lid laughed at her, filled with the curry she had tried two days before. It wasn’t a good one.
Adding some more chili and pepper as well as a dash of pure hope, she heated up some of the meal before turning on her computer to check if her favorite producers had uploaded any new videos. Nothing new today, man that sucks. Streaming it is then. another half an hour of indecision later, four episodes of a new show about forging were consumed.
Going to bed Ilea stared at the ceiling with a bit of a frown on her face. Tomorrow the university life starts. Grinding for years on end. To continue grinding afterward. Maybe I should’ve chosen kick boxing after all. Safe and boring isn’t too bad… maybe the excitement would fade if I fought professionally. One day at a time. The thought calmed her down a little, the woman entering her standard state of deep sleep in a matter of minutes, dreaming of fantasy wars, healers on a battlefield and of course chocolate. It was a good night after all.
 
 
Waking up to the chirping of birds and the sun shining in her face, Ilea’s eyes slowly opened. Only to be greeted by grass. “What the actual fuck?” she said out loud as she took in her surroundings. Trees all around her, the sun shining through the cracks. She could hear a small stream in the distance. Ok what the hell is going on? The adrenaline of the unexpected situation woke her up far faster than any shower could manage Did someone kidnap me? Or is this a very very bad prank? Maybe one of those famous prankster gluetubers made me his target. looking around herself only trees could be seen Well where’s the idiot screaming “It’s just a prank bro!”
Should I stay here? after ten minutes of waiting and nothing happening, she grew impatient, confusion and fear creeping up on her mind, telling her that this might not be just some unfunny yet harmless prank. Let’s move then I guess. Maybe it’s a new survival show or something. They’ll hear from my lawyer though… as soon as I hire one that is.
Thinking of where to go, she started towards the sound of the stream Where water is, there is life, villages and towns. So I’ll start there I guess. Maybe some human traffickers kidnapped me and somehow weren’t satisfied with me. Why am I disappointed in them not liking what they got? I’m fucking fabulous for fucks sake! Trying to distract herself from the growing urge to panic, she walked towards the stream, the forest seemingly untouched. No sound remotely unnatural could be heard.
It’s not that strange, I’m pretty far out there after all. At least I have my pajamas. Uneasiness apparent on her face, not that there was anyone to see. Ilea walked towards the stream, her only hold in this unfamiliar place. A roar broke the serene atmosphere, nothing like she had ever heard. Freezing in place she looked towards the source. Nothing. Her mind blank as she stood there for a whole minute What was that? What the fuck was that!? A bear? No they sound different, I’ve seen a few videos…, making herself finally move, she sneaked up to a tree and hid behind it.
Whatever I do I need to be quiet and not move, I don’t think my kickboxing will help a lot against a bear. Another roar much closer froze her again, her whole body trembling, the woman could feel her heartbeat trying to hammer it’s way out of her chest.
Running steps were suddenly audible. Huge was the only thing she could think of when the sounds of two running animals came closer. A high pitched cry filled the air and another roar deafened it right after, including all other sound around her. A thud could be heard as the steps came to an end.
A sickening crunch filled Ilea’s ears and then silence. What… what the… fuck… what the fuck…, sneaking a glance around the tree, the woman stopped moving entirely. Her blue eyes fixated on the sight before her. Not even recognizing the smell of urine and the warmth spreading between her legs, a small ding reverberated through her mind as she looked at the dragon before her, biting into whatever mess was left of the creature it killed. Three meters in length, the head of a dragon and no wings, its maw bloody, it looked in her direction.
It’s yellow reptile eyes locked with her blue human ones.
[Drake – lvl ??]
‘ding’ ‘Congratulations! You have learned the general skill [Identify]’
Losing interest, the Drake continued its meal, bones cracking under the strength of its massive jaw. The smell of blood and her own urine suddenly came back to her as her senses seemed to amplify. Run instinct taking over, the woman started to move. Stumbling and slow, every step steadier and faster than the one before.
            ________________________________________________________________________________  
                Chapter 2 Generic wolves – who would’ve guessed


Running at a full sprint for over half an hour, Ilea finally collapsed near a pond of water. Catching her breath for several minutes and trying to not puke, her thoughts were in complete turmoil. Tears came to her eyes as she rolled up into the fetal position. ‘No no no no no no no!’ her training in kickboxing took over as her breathing slows down, her body not able to distinguish this situation from a mock fight she used to have with other people at the center.
Laying there for another two minutes, her mind calmed down.
‘ding’ ‘Reached limit of Endurance – Recalculating value – Endurance +3’
‘Calm your mind Ilea. There’s a beast out there. It just ate but it can find you. You’re lucky nothing else was on your path. The trail is there though and the smell...’ looking down at herself, most of the urine still sticking to her had dried. Starting to move, she put her legs into the small pond and started to scrub.
‘I hope that thing had enough for dinner...’ clean enough she exited the pond. ‘I need to move away from here.’ carefully not treading on anything that would make too much noise, Ilea started to walk in a different direction.
‘I need to focus on my surroundings, I’m obviously somewhere weird. Maybe some island with dinosaurs or some military testing facility...that wouldn’t explain the weird noises in my head though. A magical fantasy place in a different world? I always liked the multiverse theory, not when Drakes want to eat me though...I’m not even sure if it wanted to, maybe it’s friendly? Could be virtual reality too, they did make some improvements lately, nothing to this extent that I ever heard of. I don’t want to try dying though with the off chance of a respawn.’ she walked on for another fifteen minutes before coming to a stop at the edge of a clearing.
Sitting down next to one of the trees she gathered her thoughts. ‘I’m in an unfamiliar place. There are Drakes and I have notifications in my head. Maybe it’s a new social media product, they would definitely do this for money.’
Looking at the sky, now free of any leaves in the clearing, she noticed something different. ‘Two suns, so we can rule out Military facility or island on earth. So either a completely different world or virtual reality. Or some weird drug? Mental illness? There are too many possibilities, what I know though is that I’m here now. In a fucking forest. With fucking Drakes. In my pajamas. With piss all over them.’ taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes “Fuck.”
‘I’m still not thirsty or hungry so those aren’t immediate concerns. I’ve read somewhere on the internet that shelter should be your first concern when found in an unknown place in the wilderness. I’ll walk around and do that first then. No idea what would be considered shelter though. For all I know a cave here might be hiding another one of those monsters.
I did get a skill though didn’t I? What was it? Something related to the Drake I saw. There must be a way to see what I have, like in RPGs.’ She thought of different words that would describe a status table or character sheet in a video game. What did the trick was simply thinking of her own name. ‘Ilea Spears’ A list formed in her mind.

Name: Ilea Spears
Class 1: None
Class 2: None
General Skills:
- Elos Standard language lvl 5 - Identify lvl 1

Status:
Vitality: 5 Endurance: 8 Strength 5 Dexterity 5 Intelligence 5 Wisdom 5
Health: 50/50 Stamina: 36/80 Mana: 50/50

‘Ok so it’s like an RPG, just that everything feels like real life. So basically real life with numbers to show how fucking dead I’d be against a Drake. The question is if I can advance beyond what a normal human can or if progression is like on earth. What about technology? Well those are thoughts for later. First I need to find some form of shelter. 36 Stamina for now, I’ll check it in another minute and see how much it grows.’ A minute passed. Checking her stats again, her stamina was now sitting at 44. ‘So 8 per minute, or at the moment 10% of my maximum. Might be a coincidence. Doesn’t seem too bad though.’
Standing up she started to walk in a random direction ‘I’m not going back to either the pond or wherever that Drake was last.’ ten minutes passed without anything happening, the forest was alive. The hot sunlight was broken by the sea of leaves above. Sweat dripping down Ilea’s brow she soon realized that the ground wasn’t flat. ‘It’s a slope. Going further up might lead to more rocky terrain and maybe shelter.’
The forest itself would mostly shelter her from rain or the suns and the temperature didn’t seem to be an issue either. Yet it felt wrong to Ilea to sleep where something like the Drake would tread. Not that it would simply stop higher up but she knew that feeling even remotely safe would be difficult in the forest.
Walking on for another twenty minutes, the forest didn’t seem to change at all. She was sure though that there was at least some incline. Stopping and holding her breath whenever she’d hear the now familiar roar in the distance. They came from different directions so she was sure there was more than one of them out there. Her only goal was to walk upwards and perhaps out of this forest, without getting eaten first that is.
The Drakes seemed to have a rather large territory though and she saw several seemingly harmless animals that even felt familiar. There was enough for them to hunt, she’d be unlucky to fall prey to one of the Drakes. At least that’s what she hoped. Using her skill on every creature she saw she didn’t really get useful information. [Red stag lvl ??], [Woodpecker lvl ??], [Worm lvl 3] and several other animals were identified by her. ‘Seems to work on any living creature. How important is the level though. I wouldn’t want to fight a level one Drake...’ thinking on the world around her she continued upwards.
Thirst was starting to grow as she climbed the slope but the thought was soon overwritten by the sight before her. ‘Ruins...looks like a temple, damn this place is super fantasy. Well let’s hope it’s not a dungeon or something. I don’t even have a knife or anything.’ Carefully walking around the temple, or what was left of it, she realized that this was the highest point of the slope. Ilea found herself on the top of a hill, standing in front of the broken down entrance to the temple she heard a low growl behind her. Turning around carefully, she checked the intruder. ‘What if I am the intruder...’
[Red Wolf – lvl 4], 
Three more of them with similar levels, the highest being 5, emerged from the trees and slowly advanced on her.
‘So the Drakes aren’t the only predators here...figures. I’m lost in the forest, they’ll tire me out and kill me. Only one place to go then...’ Ilea wasn’t surprised by how calm she was. Compared to the Drake these wolves weren’t as frightening. They even had a sort of calming normalcy about them. She had actually seen wolves in zoos before coming here but they held a familiarity that made her less scared. Of course wolves could kill people but on Earth Man was king, and a bit of that feeling now welled up inside her. She knew that in this world, wherever it may be, that might not be the case anymore.
The wolves advanced as she slowly retreated backwards to the entrance of the temple, the growling steadily intensifying as they began to encircle Ilea. To completely close her in was impossible now but she had only one way to go. Ducking under a broken down pillar she entered the temple, the wolves on her heels. Light filled the hall she was in now through many cracks in the ceiling and walls. Stone everywhere, she didn’t look closely at the statues. ‘A way out of here...’
There were several doors in the room but they seemed sealed shut. One was thankfully broken down and she quickly entered. Running down a hallway, hearing the wolves close behind her she entered another room. There was a wall with a statue depicting a man in a fighting stance. His arms held high, poised for his adversary. Which it seemed was Ilea. His eyes held empty sockets. Remnants of a campfire could be seen in the room.
‘There were people here...no idea how long ago though…’ checking around the room franticly Ilea couldn’t make out any way to leave. There was a hole in the ceiling, yet it was much too high for her to reach. Her thoughts were interrupted by the first wolf entering the room.
She turned towards it and her more or less calm feeling from before was completely gone. There was no way out. Backing up to the the wall with the statue Ilea was afraid. ‘Is this it already...well at least I can test if I have more than one life...’ Looking at the statue next to her she smirked and copied his stance. ‘Not too far from kickboxing I guess...’ looking at the wolf, she put on a determined look. 
“Just a puppy...with sharp teeth...” a growl the only response, the wolf leaped at her. Fast, yet not too fast for her to handle. A powerful kick caught the wolf’s head from the side and sent it sprawling to the left. Two more of the beasts had entered the room in the meantime.
Concentrating on the newcomers Ilea ignored the whimpers from her left and prepared for another charge. The wolves broke out into a sprint and jumped at her from two sides. The left one was caught by a kick to its jaw while the one on the right was blocked by her arm. The wolf bit deep before she was able to shake it off. Several punches to its stomach were needed to make it release her arm. Regrouping, the now four wolves stared at her, now more wary of their supposed prey. Blood dripped down her arm as she prepared for the next attack.
The pain was a numb feeling in the back of her mind, adrenaline helping her cope with it. A sudden loud humming noise made her lose concentration. Luckily the wolves were just as startled as her and before long were whimpering while they scrambled to leave the room. “Hahahaha got you, you shitbags!! Overgrown puppies go to hell!” not noticing the blue glow below her, Ilea only shouted after the wolves, elated by her victory.


The world shifted violently before her and she immediately knelt to the ground, retching up whatever was left in her stomach. “What the….” wiping her mouth after puking again “...fuck.”
[You have proven strength and dexterity beyond your limits +2 Strength +3 Dexterity]
‘At least something for that fight...’ looking around her she found herself in a long hallway. There were more of the statues. Only a faint blue light came from a moss growing on the walls. All the walls and the ceiling were overgrown with it. ‘Magic? Teleportation?’ thinking on the ways she might have gotten to this place Ilea scanned her surroundings. ‘The statues look the same. Different stances though. I’m still in the temple? Maybe one of the closed off rooms from the main hall?’
Standing up she winced. “Fuck that hurts….fuck fuck fuck” her arm was still bleeding, the adrenaline gone it quickly became the worst pain Ilea had ever been in. ‘Worse than when I broke my leg for fuck’s sake!’ trying to steady her arm she looked around and saw a fountain a dozen or so meters away. ‘I’ll have to clean this...’ walking up to the fountain she held her arm into the water. ‘Can’t be worse than some wolf’s spit.’
To her surprise the pain lessened immediately, the wounds closing faster than anything she’d ever seen, not even leaving scars behind. “What the hell….the fountain of youth or what? This is amazing!” elated by her discovery she remembered that she was thirsty and started drinking the water. ‘Wow this tastes amazing...’ feeling much better than before Ilea sat down and rested her back on the wall next to the fountain.
“What a day...” making herself move again she got up and started to walk to one side of the hallway. An open door greeted her. Inside the room it was dark. No moss seemed to be growing inside. Ripping some moss from the hallway wall she entered again, happy that the moss kept glowing. Inside there was what once might have been a bed.
The room was empty otherwise. ‘What a weird room…seems like a cell.’ walking back into the hallway ‘I wonder’ she looked at the moss in her hand and used identify.
[Bluemoon Grass]
“Well that’s not really helping me, now is it?” walking to the other side of the hallway, she checked out the statues on the walls every couple meters. Both sides of the hallway were adorned with them. ‘They all have certain stances…some kind of fighting style I assume. The detail is insane...and the eyes...’ she noticed that the eyes weren’t empty sockets like the statue in the room she had fought the wolves in. ‘Some kind of jewel...blue jewels’ it was hard to see because of the blue glowing moss growing all around the statues.
Reaching the other side of the hallway, another open door greeted her. Inside was something far different than just a bed though. “Books...” A large room littered with hundreds of books greeted her as she enters.
The only light source the slowly fading Bluemoon grass in her hands. No other entry or exit could be seen. “This is weird. Like a study place for some sort of hermit or maybe a cult?” Taking one of the books, it instantly crumbled into dust.
‘And it’s old...how long does a book need to be somewhere until it literally crumbles into dust?’ checking out the rest she realized that some are in better condition than others. Getting closer, she noticed weird writing on some of the shelves ‘Runes maybe? I’m assuming if there’s magic here, there should be some kind of runes. An enchantment maybe.’ Checking the shelf where she removed the dust book, she saw that all the books looked deteriorated there. ‘Maybe the power went out or something...these look fine though.’ Taking out a book from one of the few shelfs where the enchantments seemed to be working still, she walked back into the hall.
The light brighter, she looked at the cover. “Azarinth Advanced Stances Part III”
‘Oh wow I can read it! Must be that weird skill, doesn’t look like English to me.’
“But I don’t think Part III of some advanced stances helps me a lot here. Maybe there’s something more useful in there.” Going back inside Ilea grabbed all the books that were still intact. Sadly not many remained out of the once hundreds of books. The immediately most interesting one was a small journal. “Gregory Pale – Days of Awakening” flipping through it there seemed to be dates. ‘A diary of some sorts?’
“Day 1 of my Awakening, or shall I call it imprisonment? I question my decision to join the Order but such thoughts are for naught at this point. I entered the chamber of awakening of my own free will and shall either succeed or succumb. I shall become a warrior of Azarinth, more powerful than any before me….” reading the first couple days it seemed that this place belonged to an Order of some sorts. Calling themselves the Order of Azarinth. Mages, fighters and healers were mentioned.
‘So I’m in the chamber of awakening myself now eh? Well that’s just great’ continuing to read Gregory thankfully described the process of awakening in great detail.
“Well he probably would, seeing all the time he had down here alone with a bunch of books that he’s probably all read before coming here...”
Apparently the order had classes regarding a special way of magic they called Azarinth. ‘The whole order is named after the magic...bunch of nerds...’ chuckling to herself she continued to read. The Bluemoon grass seemed to be of great importance to that magic and the process of awakening the class and training the related skills.
It could apparently be reached normally too, with a lot of study and time, meditation and patience. Most of the people reaching the class in this manner were very old. After likely horrible testing they discovered a way to speed up the process. Being enclosed in the chamber, only able to eat the Bluemoon grass and drinking from the fountain of clarity would have many of the people reach the class far faster, not to mention the speed of their skill growth would increase.
‘Fountain of clarity...holy shit this is so bad...they should get better writers...’ the method of course had downsides too. For one, around 35% of the initiates would immediately die upon eating the grass. It changed parts of the body and was highly poisonous if not compatible. The order was very secretive, losing just over a third of their members was disastrous. Many still took the risk.
The fast skill growth would leave many of the fighters overconfident though, able to use the skills but not having trained with them enough.The faster skill growth was mostly dependent on how long a person could stay in the chambers. The grass grew very slowly so only a limited amount could be used by the Order. Leveling the skills up to the third stage in the chamber was apparently not possible. The needed grass would increase dramatically after the second stage was achieved until it showed no discernible effect anymore.
Most would only advance to the early second stage because of the limited availability of the grass. “Wow so they were basically junkies...weed man...” Gregory apparently advanced some skills up to the later second stages and then left. Leaving apparently only possible by using a skill acquired through the Bluemoon grass.
“Well fuck...means I have to eat it. Not like I’d have much of a survival chance without a class out there anyway. If classes work like they do in RPGs that is...I’d still be level 1 without killing anything...” looking at the glowing moss suspiciously she went through the books still in an alright condition.
“Azarinth: Basic Stances I”, “Azarinth Basic Stances II”, “Azarinth Basic Stances III”, “Azarinth Advanced Stances III”, “History of the Order Part IV”, “History of the Order Part XII”, “Azarinth Healing”, “Azarinth Healing Advanced”, “Mana conversion and flow by Magus Izalar”, in addition there were dozens of diaries from members of the order. Apparently it was a must to write one when in the chamber to help guide initiates following in their steps.
“I’m glad some useful ones remain...it’s a shame that so many of the books were lost.” She checked through the chamber and rooms to see if there was any way out or food other than the grass on the walls. After nearly two hours of searching every nook and cranny she sat back down next to the fountain and sighed.
Looking at the Bluemoon grass on the wall Ilea got up “Well….might as well get it over with. Either I live and become a badass fighter or...well let’s not be negative here shall we.” grabbing a healthy fistfull of the moss from the wall she put it into her mouth and ate it.


A minute passed….another….approaching ten minutes still absolutely nothing happened. “Well...that’s wei..” her voice was cut off as her whole body convulsed.
Falling to the ground in a sprawl of limbs Ilea started to scream. The pain was worse that the wolf’s bite. Nobody had mentioned the pain in the diaries. Likely out of consideration of the initiates. Ten minutes passed and Ilea was still writhing there screaming, the pain not diminishing in the slightest as each beat of her heart ended only to bring a new eternity of torment.
The screams stopped after half an hour, yet the pain didn’t. She twitched every couple minutes as she felt each and every nerve in her body tear itself apart. After an hour a blue glow started to radiate off of her. Forming a pattern not unlike the runes found on the shelves, just on her body. The glow died down after another hour and the human on the ground groaned weakly. “I hate this world...”
            ________________________________________________________________________________  
                Chapter 3 Glowing Moss
 
 
‘ding’ ‘The Bluemoon Grass has changed your body permanently. 
You grow more resilient +10 Vitality. 
The flow of your mana was changed +10 Intelligence +10 Wisdom. 
You recharge Mana at a faster pace +100% mana recovery rate.’
“Holy, this is pretty good for two hours of the worst pain in my entire life.” still breathing heavily Ilea sat up and checked her stats.
Name: Ilea Spears
Class 1: None
Class 2: None
General Skills:
- Elos Standard language Lvl 5 - Identify Lvl 1
Status:
Vitality: 15 Endurance: 8 Strength 7 Dexterity 8 Intelligence 15 Wisdom 15
Health: 4/150 Stamina: 12/80 Mana: 0/150
‘That explains why I feel like dying. I need some clarity...heh’ walking to the fountain she started to drink. Her health reached 150 in a matter of minutes. ‘Wow this is great...still have the worst headache...the mana maybe?’
It was slowly recharging, yet apparently the change used all of it up initially. ‘No class nor skill hmm...well I’ll find out why tomorrow. First is sleep.’ laying down on the floor she immediately slept, only waking up two days later.
The blue glow was still in the air as Ilea woke up, her head heavy and her whole body hurting. ‘There was a room with a bed you idiot...thirsty’ getting up slowly, she went and drank some more of the fountain water.
‘Why don’t I have the class yet though...hmm. Let’s check some of the diaries.’ None of them mentioned anything about not getting the class after eating the grass. “What’s different then?” she looked around her and her gaze fell upon the books still laying on the ground.
“I haven’t read them...they all probably have...well let’s start then.” grabbing some of the grass off the wall, she ate it ‘let’s just hope it doesn’t hurt again...’ nothing happened this time and Ilea started to read through the books she had available.’
The books on stances were what one might expect. A detailed description of the fighting style used by the order. Some of it seemed familiar to Ilea and other things looked rather weird. ‘This is impossible...no human could do that...’ finishing up the books on stances, she started reading the books on Azarinth healing and Mana conversion. The basic ones she understood but the advanced books went over her head.
Finishing those seven books took her the better part of two weeks, taking the necessary time to understand what she was reading. She ate grass and drank from the fountain. In between she trained her body but didn’t get any notification about stat changes. In addition she slept on the very old bed. It was barely a bed anymore but still better than the stone floor. Finishing up the book on Advanced healing, she grabbed the first book on history but was interrupted by a
 
‘bing’ ‘You have met the requirements for a class change: Azarinth Healer – Knowledge about the basics of Azarinth fighting stances and Azarinth healing, Survived the change invoked by the Bluemoon Grass.’
‘The Azarinth Healer is not exactly what the name might portray. A close quarters fighter that chooses an unarmed style of combat to both heal and destroy. Enhanced by an ancient technique of magic their bodies become resistant to even the strongest of attacks and heal at a rapid pace.’
‘Would you like to change to this class. Bonuses and skills will be applied after doing so.’
 
“Oh fuck yeees!” nothing happened ‘yes.’ she thought and more messages appeared in her mind.
 
‘New Class: Azarinth Healer
Vitality +10 Strength +5 Dexterity +5 Intelligence +10 Wisdom +10
Body enhancement magic is improved by 100% All healing magic skills are improved by 100% Natural regeneration increased by 1% per minute
Skills gained in Azarinth Healer:
Active: Destruction – lvl 1: 
Send a destructive pulse of mana into your enemy with every punch or kick. Your Intelligence stat enhances the damage potential.
Category: Healing

Active: Reconstruction – lvl 1: Send a healing pulse of mana into yourself or your ally with a touch. This skill can be channeled. Category: Healing
Active: State of Azarinth – lvl 1: Your body glows with the power of Azarinth, increasing your resilience, speed and strength by 35% [after bonuses 70%]. Category: Aura – Body Enhancement
Passive: Body of Azarinth – lvl 1: Your body was changed by magic. All pain is reduced by 25% [after bonuses 50%]. You heal even fatal injuries without help of healing magic. Your natural regeneration is improved by 50% [after bonuses 100%] Category: Healing
Passive: Azarinth Fighting – lvl 1: You are familiar with the fighting style of Azarinth. Damage inflicted with your own body and related skills is 75% higher [after bonuses 150%]’ Category: Body Enhancement
 
Reading all of the notifications, Ilea was stunned. ‘Well I don’t know how other classes in this world are but this seems fucking amazing. I’m like a mix of three different classes. I hope it’s strong enough to fill any of those roles in a group...or maybe the common composition of teams is different in this world. I’ll see. I must say for a solo thing this is fantastic. Can’t wait to try all of those skills.’
Getting up, Ilea felt powerful. The stat changes increased her capabilities by an incredible amount. Walking into the library that now only collected dust, she went to the far wall. ‘Now let’s see what I have...’
Taking proper form Ilea threw a solid punch, resulting in a sharp crack that briefly echoed. Checking her hand, it was fine and she didn’t feel anything wrong. Looking at the wall she realized the sound came from there. ‘Aww shit. I’m awesome.’
Continuing to punch, the noise reverberated through the chamber of awakening. Pieces of the stone wall started to collect at her feet. ‘Hmm let’s see if destruction does anything to inanimate objects.’ activating the skill with a simple thought she punched the wall.
The noise was the same as before but this time spiderweb like cracks immediately formed in a one meter radius. It didn’t even use a lot of mana. Checking her stats the punch had taken only 5 Mana. ‘Which means with my current supply I can use it 50 times in a row...nice.’ using the skill a couple more times she wondered if that was how the other members of the order got out. ‘Nah I can’t see dozens of holes in the walls around here...except maybe they had an earth mage to fix it again? If such a thing even exists here...’
“One more thing to try….” Ilea’s body started to glow in a faint blue. It looked like she had blue tattoos on her body written in runic symbols. They could be seen on her torso, arms and legs. One tattoo went along her spine up to her neck and under her hair. They shined faintly through her pajamas. Slowly breathing out, she formed a fist with her right hand and punched.
The walls shook, dust falling from the ceiling and her fist formed a dent roughly the size of a basketball. ‘I’d be pretty good at basketball with this body I’d think...’ still with the active Aura of State of Azarinth, she ran all the way to the room with the bed. “This feels absolutely amazing.” exhausting her Stamina on the poor library wall.
She couldn’t stop, her power and excitement overwhelming her completely. She read the remaining books and some of the diaries in the next four days while eating Bluemoon Grass and using her skills. They slowly improved. When Destruction reached level three she received an unexpected message.
‘ding’ ‘Azarinth Healer has reached level 2. 5 Stat points awarded.’
‘So I do level without having to fight anything. That’s good then. Guess I’ll stay down here for a while….a long while. Especially considering I have no idea where I am or how I’d get out...’
 
 
The weeks passed, Ilea’s days spent with eating, fighting the library wall and reading diaries. She studied the Stances in detail and tried to use her healing magic. Punching the walls wouldn’t hurt her enough to use Reconstruction though, so the skill didn’t level. She could keep up her Aura skill for longer and longer as time went on.
According to the diaries it would normally take weeks if not longer of constant training to improve a skill even by one level. The Bluemoon Grass and fountain of clarity helped speed up the process a lot. Ilea didn’t have anything to measure her progress against though so she couldn’t be sure.
‘I’ll just get as strong as I can down here until I can get out. There doesn’t really seem to be a downside to it. Even if it might get boring at some point I’d rather stay a couple months longer in boredom than die immediately out in the forest.
There was no map or any geographical information in the remaining books whatsoever, so she knew as much about where she was as she did when she got here. Three weeks of constant training later there was nothing new to read anymore and the days became rather tedious. Sitting down Ilea again read through the Mana conversion book and thought to try something.
‘The main problem here is that I’m bored while I wait for my mana and stamina to recover...’ reading through the whole book again it was still a mystery to her what it was about exactly. It talked of regulating the flows of mana but her understanding of mana itself was nothing to begin with. The concepts were foreign to her even though she understood the words.
‘Might as well try to meditate, maybe I’ll gain some sort of clarity...’ looking suspiciously towards the fountain, she sat down and tried to clear her mind. Nothing happened at first. She tried in every pause for the next two days. It felt relaxing and there was nothing better to do anyways. At the end of the second day she received a message that woke her from her meditative state.
‘ding’ ‘You have learned the General skill Meditation – While in the state of meditation you cannot move. Your mana and stamina regeneration is increased by a factor of three. This factor is improved upon leveling up the skill. - lvl 1’
“Well this’ll make my days a lot less boring.” even though she was mostly just punching walls or practicing stances it was fun to her. Her body had an incredible strength that she’d never even dreamed of. Even on Earth she enjoyed simply attacking a punching bag for hours on end. The only reason she didn’t do it longer were responsibilities, other interesting hobbies and her bodily limitations.
She didn’t have internet or even new books anymore here, so this was what was left and it wasn’t bad. With the still level one meditation skill her training speed improved threefold. After another month she had improved her Destruction skill to lvl 8, her State of Azarinth skill to lvl 6, her Body of Azarinth skill to lvl 2, her Azarinth Fighting skill to lvl 7 and her Meditation skill to lvl 5. Additionally her stats improved slowly over time too. Endurance especially improved every couple days.
With her last advancement in Azarinth Fighting she received another level up, bringing her to lvl 5.
 
‘bing’ ‘Azarinth Healer has reached level 5. 5 Stat points awarded. You have learned the skill Passive: Magic Perception – lvl 1 This skill lets you see magic. Can be activated or deactivated on command. Category: Body Enhancement
 
“A skill...hah...seems useful but I can’t really picture it.” activating the skill, she had to shield her eyes immediately from the radiance surrounding her. ‘Deactivate Magic Perception!’ she yelled in her mind.
“Well that was stupid...could’ve guessed the Bluemoon Grass was magical...” going into the library she activated the skill again and looked at the runes she had discovered on her first day in the chamber. ‘Interesting...they’re clearer. And they glow a faint blue. I wonder if all magic is blue with this sight.’ she kept the skill deactivated in the hallway but tried to use it sometimes in the library or when she was using her Destruction and Aura skill. The day came to an end and she checked her progress again, as she did every day before sleeping.
 
Name: Ilea Spears
Class 1: Azarinth Healer – lvl 5
Unspent statpoints: 20
- Active: Destruction – lvl 8 - Active: Reconstruction – lvl 1 - Active: State of Azarinth – lvl 6 - Active: Free Slot - Active: Free Slot - Passive: Body of Azarinth – lvl 2 - Passive: Azarinth Fighting – lvl 7 - Passive: Magic Perception – lvl 1 - Passive: Free Slot - Passive: Free Slot
Class 2: None
General Skills:
- Elos Standard language - lvl 5 - Identify - lvl 1 - Meditation – lvl 5
 
Status:
Vitality: 26 Endurance: 16 Strength 14 Dexterity 17 Intelligence 27 Wisdom 32
 
Health: 260/260 Stamina: 8/160 Mana: 13/320
 
Another three months passed like this. The meditation being an actual skill helping to tremendously reduce the mental strain such a lifestyle would’ve had on her otherwise. Talking to herself still became the norm and she even started to miss her coworkers at the fast-food joint. Her goal also slowly shifted from becoming stronger to getting out of the chamber. ‘I can see how this is an incredible privilege to have, training with the Bluemoon Grass that is but I’d still like to see the sun sometime.’ A fourth of the Grass was already gone from one of the walls when Ilea reached level 10 in her Class.
 
‘ding’ ‘Azarinth Healer has reached level 10. 5 Stat points awarded.
You have learned the skill Active: Blink – lvl 1 Immediately appear at a distant place. Distance based on the level of the skill. Category: Teleportation Magic
 
“This is it….I finally got my way out! Maybe...hopefully...” activating the skill with the will to move across the hallway Ilea teleported around fifteen meters away. “Man this is great...I’ll have to get used to the feeling though. Not as bad as when I was teleported down here but still...” holding her stomach she went and drank some water from the fountain. “Now the question is, can I teleport to places I can’t see and what happens when I teleport into something...” going into the library she tried teleporting into one of the shelves. Only her arm would theoretically be inside the shelf.
“Would still hurt like hell but maybe then I’d have a way to level up my healing...” The teleport worked, but her hand was pushed away from the shelf. No weird Human/shelf creature was born on that day.
“Which means...” trying to teleport halfway into the fountain she appeared next to it or above it. “Next step” halfway into the wall failed too, she always appeared next to it.
“Now the leap of faith...” blinking into the wall she found herself standing in front of it. “YES!!! It works! Now I just have to level it up and try to teleport out of here...” So she tried. Teleporting away from the chamber into any direction. There were a lot of ways to try and her skill slowly gained levels over the weeks, increasing the range and reducing the cost. After another month in the chamber Ilea was successful.
 
 
Appearing in a closed room, she was elated “FUCK YEAH!!” jumping up and down, Ilea looked around the room. It was a small room with only dust and stone in it but it was new. After months in her own box of stone this new one was a blessing to her. And there was a closed door in front of her.
“Well well well...now what’s a stone door against this...” raising her fist with her Aura spell activated she punched right through the thick stone door. Outside was a familiar room. The hall she had entered after being ambushed by the wolves outside the temple. “OH YES...YESYESYES!!!” not able to repress her excitement she ran outside.
It was night, an ocean of stars shining bright, illuminating the sky. There were two moons and they shone brightly. Ilea simply stood there stunned, her head held up to the sky. Tears falling from her face as she breathed her first breath of fresh air in months. The wind caressing her body, blue tattoos faintly glowing from below her worn clothes. “Hahahahahaahaaa” standing there with tears in her eyes, the woman was laughing.
Snapping her head down suddenly she became quiet and listened “I want food...something other than that bloody Grass...” She couldn’t hear anything so she entered the forest. It would be easy to find the temple again as it was on a slope. Starting to run, Ilea crossed the forest at a speed she’d never dreamed possible. Her perception even more surprising, the light of the moon more than enough for her to make out any details around her.
Not long after, she came across a small creek. “Food can wait...some real water first.” jumping into the creek she splashed around in the cold water and drank mouthfuls. A rather curious sight, a grown woman splashing around in a creek in the middle of the night, laughing maniacally. Perhaps even scary considering the magical world she was in. Stopping after fifteen minutes, Ilea resumed her search for food. Soon she came across some berries. Immediately eating one of them.
‘ding’ ‘You have been poisoned by Cinderberry, -3 HP/s for 5 Minutes’
Stopping her enthusiasm her mind focused. ‘That can kill me like three times over. I need to heal. I don’t know enough about my Reconstruction spell yet.’ grabbing a couple more of the berries she started to run back, occasionally using blink while keeping an eye on her mana, the weird warm feeling in her chest didn’t help her mind calm down either.
One and a half minutes later she was back at the temple. Using Reconstruction on herself had healed her for thirty points. ‘That should be enough really...but I have to be sure.’ she was already at close to fifty health remaining. Going into the room she’d smashed the door in, she blinked into the direction of the chamber. Reappearing in her familiar training space or prison of clarity, as she’d started to call it, she immediately went to the fountain and drank. Without possible external danger she used her mana freely to power up Reconstruction.
One minute later she was back at full health. “Man this world is insane. One berry would’ve killed me if I didn’t have a fucking healing spell and a well of health...” looking at the berries she wondered “Maybe I’ve been a little overconfident...I don’t even know what level one of those Drakes is. Even if I’ve grown stronger, there’s stuff out there that can kill me in one hit...like a bloody berry...wait no...Cinderberry”
She couldn’t help but laugh at the ridiculous situation she was in. After meditating and recovering her mana she looked at one of the berries...and ate it. “Mhm...at least they taste great...”
‘bing’ ‘You have been poisoned by Cinderberry, -3 HP/s for 5 Minutes’
Smiling she started to use Reconstruction on her own body. The drain of the berry felt weird but it didn’t hurt much. “A good way to level up Reconstruction...and eat delicious berries!” Repeating the steps for the other six berries she had, she leveled up Reconstruction and even received a special message at the end of her endeavor.
 
‘bing’ ‘You have learned the general skill Poison Resistance – You are a target of assassins or not very good at distinguishing berries. Surviving either of those you have developed a general resistance to poisons. - lvl 1’
 
“Man this is stupid...a general poison resistance? That doesn’t make sense at all….then again a lot of things here don’t seem to make sense and I’ve barely scratched the surface.” looking up she blinked outside again. This time she blinked again and found herself on the roof of the ruined temple.
Again she was stunned. Standing above the trees she could see for miles, even in the night. The forest was huge. ‘Beautiful...’ Ilea stood there for an hour and simply enjoyed being outside. ‘I’ll be more careful tomorrow. I can’t be overconfident. Although I’ve made incredible progress.’ Blinking back downstairs she made herself ready to sleep and checked her status.
 
Name: Ilea Spears
Class 1: Azarinth Healer – lvl 12
Unspent statpoints: 55
- Active: Destruction – lvl 14 - Active: Reconstruction – lvl 2 - Active: State of Azarinth – lvl 10 - Active: Blink – lvl 7 - Active: Free Slot - Passive: Body of Azarinth – lvl 4 - Passive: Azarinth Fighting – lvl 12 - Passive: Magic Perception – lvl 3 - Passive: Free Slot - Passive: Free Slot
Class 2: None
General Skills:
- Elos Standard language - lvl 5 - Identify - lvl 1 - Meditation – lvl 8 - Poison Resistance – lvl 1
Status:
Vitality: 29 Endurance: 25 Strength 18 Dexterity 21 Intelligence 34 Wisdom 42
Health: 290/290 Stamina: 233/250 Mana: 396/420
 
‘Tomorrow I’ll start to finally explore this weird world.’
            ________________________________________________________________________________  
                Chapter 4 Exploration

 
Waking up, Ilea was happy. For the first time in months she was truly and utterly happy. Coming to this world, she had been scared and confused. Nearly died three times and now after months of training she had something resembling confidence. “At least I’ll survive. I’m pretty tough at this point and I can heal myself. Blink is perfect for fleeing too, if there’s something too strong for me. Just don’t eat any weird berries...”
Blinking upstairs and on to the roof of the building, the suns nearly blinded her. After months in the chamber of clarity and last night’s quick romp, she totally forgot that the suns were this bright. Her eyes hurt but a smile was on her lips. After a couple minutes of adjusting, she removed the arm in front of her face and took in the true view of the forest.
Activating her Aura, her tattoos faintly glowed blue, barely noticeable in the sun, she scratched a simple compass rose into the roof of the temple with one of her nails. Enhanced and with her stats, she could with effort do this on rock. Obviously she didn’t know where North was. Or even if a compass was a thing in this magical land. It helped her orient though, so she did it.
Northwards was forest until a chain of mountains came into view. They were far away. Too far to casually walk there in a couple of days. Eastwards was forest, until barely noticeable, grassland started. “Plains...if I want to find humans I’d probably have to search there. Another question is if they’re friendly towards me.” Looking southwards Ilea could see a couple mountains, behind them was a full chain like in the north. There seemed to be plains in between and she could even see a river. “Definitely the most reasonable thing to reach for now.” It was much closer than the plains in the east or the mountains in the north.
Westward was only forest as far as the eye could see.. Only some rivers cutting the grand forest apart. “So the closest way out is southeast or directly south.” Looking at the distance it would be at least a three day trip, maybe longer. “I don’t have any supplies, no backpack...I don’t even have a knife or water bottle...well water skin or whatever they use here. For whatever I know they could be using guns and cloaked airplanes...”
Ilea then blinked back into the main hall of the temple and looked around “I do have a feeling though that this is a rather medieval world. I mean come on...Drakes?” walking up to one of the closed doors she felt the wall, and blinked inside.
A scream sounded through the temple and a couple birds took flight as Ilea stared at the skeleton in front of her. “Holy shitballs skelly, you scared the shit out of me.” After smacking the skeleton on the head like an old friend she looked around the room.
There were some books but they all turned to dust as soon as she touched them. No runes prevented their decay. Removing the skeleton from the rotting chair, she saw that he still wore boots. “Well look at that...” carefully removing them from the skeleton she appraised them. “They’re still in alright shape...not bad. Identify!”
‘ding’ [Old sturdy boots]
“Hmm...no +15 walking speed or anything like that? Well that’s disappointing. Oh well.” Ilea shook the boots to remove all the dust inside then blinked back out of the room. “I’ll just pile the stuff here.” leaving the boots on the ground in the main hall, she continued to investigate the rooms. There were eight in total. One was the one she broke the door to get out and one the skeleton room.
The next three rooms only held dust and stone. Whatever may have been stored in there a long time ago, has long since turned to dust. Blinking into the next room Ilea looked around in surprise “A kitchen. Very nice, maybe there’s a water flask or a knife for me to use somewhere.” checking around she realized that most things inside were rusted beyond use.
Trying to use Reconstruction on the items didn’t help. Destruction seemed to be able to affect inanimate objects whereas Reconstruction didn’t “Figures...would be way too convenient a spell. No more visits to any tailor or blacksmith.” searching through the kitchen she found a not too rusty canteen. Although identifying it told her it was in fact rusty.
“Better than nothing.” Ilea grumbled to herself, the knives were sadly completely unusable. The thin layers of metal were too worn by time to be used for anything other than making more rust. The next room was empty again. “Why do they have so many empty rooms? Hmm what if...” she tried to use blink to get downstairs. The third spot she tried worked and she found herself in a chamber that at first glance looked very similar to her own. “How many of those do they have….well let’s finish up upstairs first.” The last room held some barrels without any contents. Well there was dust inside. “Beer or wine maybe? Maybe cinderberry wine….hahaaha” laughing at her own joke, she was back in the main hall.
Walking through the broken down entryway she’d used when she fled the wolves she checked the room again. It looked exactly the same. Activating her Magic Perception she saw runes all around the ground where she had fought against her adversaries months ago. “Interesting...” she went back and checked all the other rooms again, this time with Magic Perception activated.
She made no further discoveries though. “I guess downstairs it is then.” warping back into the unexplored chamber she soon found it had the exact same layout as hers. The Grass was growing on the walls and the bed was just as old as hers. The library however held more books than her own had at the start. And even better many were still intact, the shelves brightly glowing with numerous runes
It took a couple hours to sort through all of them. A significant portion of them being even more diaries. She took them all with her upstairs. Two books were actually useful to her. “Azarinth Fighting – Advanced Stances I”, “Azarinth Fighting – Advanced Stances II”. “Seems like the stock is rather similar though. More history ones..” she wasn’t too fond of the Order’s history books. They depicted themselves as some sort of savior mages without any flaws. “Guess that happens when you write your own history down. Bunch of arrogant pricks.”
Blinking back to the main hall she tried to blink downstairs from all of the eight rooms. Ilea found only one more chamber. It was much like the other two, except that only one shelf of books remained, none of which new to her. Having an idea, she tried to warp further down. To her surprise she succeeded.
 
 
She found herself in a rather large hall. After the warp she fell for a couple meters before hitting the ground. ‘There’s no dust here...’ she immediately noticed. The room was illuminated yet not by moss on the walls. There was some sort of artificial light source on the top of the room and some of the walls. ‘Magic lamps...fancy...at least they do have some sort of technology. I’ll try to dismantle one of those after I’m sure it’s safe h..’ her thought was interrupted by an arrow nearly striking her head. Ilea’s tattoos flared to life and she dodged in the last fraction of a second.
“Did I just...” another three arrows flew in her direction. Dodging to the right Ilea avoided all of them “...dodge arrows? Fuck I’m awesome.” looking at the source of the assault a corner of the room started to shift and a humanoid form slowly unfolded itself to a height of three and a half meters. “Oh shit.”
[Guardian Golem – lvl ??]
Using identify she jumped back a couple meters to get some distance to the Golem. Activating Magic Perception her enemy glowed a dark red. “Well that answers the question if all magic is blue...” On the golem’s left arm was a seemingly automatic crossbow and on his right was a mace as big as Ilea. Around 1.75m in height. “I REALLY don’t want to get hit by that. Well let’s see what I’ve learned...I can just blink out with two blinks to get away if I can’t handle it.”
Getting into an advanced Azarinth stance Ilea prepared herself as the Golem slowly walked towards her. In a sudden burst she moved, leaving her position in a rush faster than any Earth human could possibly manage she reached the Golem’s right side and simply waited there. The Golem turned slowly and tried to hit her with the mace. “Hahaha you’re slow mate...” she easily dodged it and moved again.
Punching the Golem without Destruction left dents in its metal shell. Still trying to turn and attack her with its mace Ilea skillfully danced around the Golem. “These skills are seriously no joke...I’ve never fought against anything with them and it feels so natural...” after another series of punches to one of the Golem’s legs, she decided to use Destruction.
Her punch landed on the Golem’s left leg and half of it exploded backwards as her fist collided with it. The metal was badly dented and the Golem had difficulties standing upright. Another punch disabled its right leg too. Now falling to the ground Ilea jumped backwards. “Well seems like your question marks aren’t really that scary after all, Guardian.”
Doing a small mock curtsy in front of the downed Golem’s head, its eyes suddenly flared a bright red. Caught in an awkward position Ilea could only look at the Golem as it raised its mace and smashed it right into her. Flying backwards into the wall fifteen meters behind her, it knocked all the air out of her lungs.
Blood dripped down her mouth as she smiled “Oh man I have to say I am rather stupid sometimes. Why am I smiling by the way?” checking her stats she saw that she had lost over a third of her HP from that hit. Quickly using Reconstruction she healed back a part of her lost health “Why am I having so much fun?? Nice move though mister metal.” Blinking above the Golem she did a front flip, landing with a powerful kick on top of the Golem’s back. The Guardian exploded downwards, its eyes immediately losing their light.
 
‘bing’ ‘You have defeated the [Guardian Golem], access to the treasure room is now possible.’
‘bing’ ‘You have defeated an enemy ten levels or more above your own. Additional Experience is granted.’
‘bing’ ‘Azarinth Healer has reached level 13. 5 Stat points awarded.’
 
“Nice...” sitting down on the defeated Golem she breathed out “This is way too much fun...I nearly died there...” her heart still pounding in her chest she lied down completely on the Golem. “I feel amazing...is this what being an adventurer in a dangerous world feels like?” lying there for a while Ilea simply enjoyed the moment “Wait...treasure room?”
Jumping up from the downed enemy she looked around the room. It was a huge hall, she could see a door at the end of it, right behind where the Golem sat before. Walking towards it she noticed that the body of the Golem hasn’t disappeared yet. ‘Seems like it’s not like a game after all...’ turning back to the door she continued. A long corridor opened up before her, a huge double door at the end of it. With Magic perception she could see bright runes written on the door.
“Let’s first check the rooms around here.” walking to the first room she found only dust again. A skeleton greeted her in the second room. Other than that it was empty. ‘Two more to go...’ The rooms only held dust. ‘That is kinda weird...but I mean it’s been...long I guess.’ Ending up on the double doors, she looked on as the runes on the door faded. A crack could be heard and the doors opened.
Cough cough, ‘How can the the air in here be even worse than out in the corridor? It’s just as old...’ waiting for the stale air to at least disperse a little, Ilea entered the supposed treasure room. “Not a lot left here eh?” looking around there were a lot of shelves and a couple chests. Two were open and empty, the shelves held nothing but more dust. “Well let’s see if there’s anything in the chest...” opening it, her eyes sparkled “Oh boi, at least it’s not empty...what’s that? Coins?” taking the five silver coins and one gold coin from the chest she held them in her hand “Wow these are heavy...a pouch would be nice actually...now for the main prize...” taking out the last item in the chest she marveled at the quality.
[Cloak of the night – High Quality ‘You are harder to detect in the dark’]
She hugged the cloak immediately “Oh my, it’s so soft I love it!” getting it on, the cloak nearly covered all of her. She looked a bit like a wraith, were it not for the pajamas underneath. “I’m the pajama death!” tattoos flaring to light she teleported to the wall and punched it, cracks forming all over it and some chunks of stone falling to the ground after she removed her fist. The blue light didn’t penetrate the cloak from within. “I like it.”
 
 
Ilea tried to use blink from every room in the cellar, sadly there was no other destination she could find. Going back upstairs she tried to use blink twice. While still in the air it didn’t work “Hmm...let’s see...” blinking into the air of the hall but this time right next to the wall, she touched it and used another blink. This time it worked and she found herself back in the third chamber. Going back up she looked at the collected things. “Is there?...” checking her cloak thoroughly she was happy to find two small pockets. Putting the coins inside she noted they would be clinking around all the time. Getting to the kitchen she removed some metal wire from one of the pots and bent it around the coins.
Getting the shoes she ran outside and headed for the stream she’d found before. Once there she cleaned the boots thoroughly before putting them on. “Nearly clothed now. I hope they don’t break when I kick something...” the boots fit quite snugly, so she at least wouldn’t lose them from a bit of fighting. Getting some more of the Cinderberries she returned to the temple.
Sitting on top of it she planned her next steps. ‘I think I’ll first definitely check for any possible hidden rooms in the temple. Afterwards I’ll go towards the mountains in the south.’ looking at the distant target she sighed ‘That’s gonna take a while...I kinda wanted to wait with this until I met someone but if I die on the way it’s not really worth it anyway, now is it?’
Checking her stats she used 50 of the remaining 60 stat points from her level ups. ‘Let’s see...Vitality up to 40, never wrong to be more tough….that’s 11 points, then 15 into Endurance, up to 40 too. Definitely Wisdom up to 50, that’s 8. That’s 34 points. Means 16 remaining. Guess I’ll go 6 into Intelligence to get 40 there too and 5 each into Strength and Dexterity.’ she finished her distribution with a thought, leaving 10 points unspent, just in case there was something fundamental she didn’t understand about stats and distributing points. Checking her status she felt ready...at least somewhat.
 
Name: Ilea Spears
Class 1: Azarinth Healer – lvl 13
Unspent statpoints: 10
- Active: Destruction – lvl 14 - Active: Reconstruction – lvl 2 - Active: State of Azarinth – lvl 10 - Active: Blink – lvl 7 - Active: Free Slot - Passive: Body of Azarinth – lvl 4 - Passive: Azarinth Fighting – lvl 12 - Passive: Magic Perception – lvl 3 - Passive: Free Slot - Passive: Free Slot
Class 2: None
General Skills:
- Elos Standard language - lvl 5 - Identify - lvl 1 - Meditation – lvl 8 - Poison Resistance – lvl 1
Status:
Vitality: 40 Endurance: 40 Strength 23 Dexterity 26 Intelligence 40 Wisdom 50
Health: 400/400 Stamina: 389/400 Mana: 487/500
 
“I need to find some clothes...and food...like...with spices!” looking into the distance she once more thought of her past. Ilea enjoyed the freedom she had here, all the time spent improving her fighting skills but she did miss her other hobbies, her bed and most of all good food. ‘I’m not sure if this is better or worse in the end. Training in itself is fun but fighting against that Golem...I can see myself getting into that. And I have no responsibilities really, no annoying fast-food work...plus I could heal people...if there are any that is...’
‘Guess I’ll find out tomorrow.’ going back downstairs she removed some of the Grass and stored it in her cloak. It would help her keep the faster training up for a while whilst she traveled. ‘I can check how fast my skill progress is without the Bluemoon Grass...there isn’t really any indication of it even improving anything. I do hope the Order actually tested the effectiveness beyond the body change.’ Sleeping early, she dreamed of a warm and soft bed.
            ________________________________________________________________________________  
                Chapter 5 Civilization
 

Ilea felt ready when she woke up. She filled her rusty canteen with water from the fountain, put on her boots, her cloak and left. ‘So let’s see what I’ll find today.’ with a smile on her face Ilea tried to blink in every possible direction from any room in the temple. Sadly no hidden places were found. ‘I did find two chambers and the treasure room already, so I guess this was to be expected.’
After that she entered the forest in the direction of what she defined as south. It was a nice day outside, the suns were dimmed by the thick forest. Birds were chirping and the occasional roar sent them flying away. Ilea walked at a normal pace, enjoying the finally achieved freedom. Not just simply being outside, but being confident enough to not die on the first encounter with the wildlife.
She walked for half an hour until one of the roars filled her ears. ‘That one’s close...I really want to know their levels...’ starting to quietly run in the direction of the roar she soon came across a Drake. It was eating whatever was left of its prey. ‘Hellooo there...now let’s check’
[Drake lvl ??]
‘Hmm, still can’t see its level. I could beat the Guardian though so I’m not really sure about this. I think I won’t mess with any until I know how important the level of a creature even is.’ The Drake looked up and roared in her direction. “Yea yea, sorry for interrupting your meal.” leaving, she looked back and saw the Drake continue its meal ‘Seems like they don’t really care as long as there’s food...kinda reminds me of myself...as long as that food isn’t Grass.’
Leaving the Drake behind she continued on through the wilderness. She only came across some wolves that left after growling at her. ‘Yea you better leave, puppies.’ After four hours of walking Ilea started to run. ‘As long as I keep mindful of my Stamina I should be fine for a couple hours like this.’ her speed was extraordinary, at least for a human on earth. She sped through the forest, occasionally climbing a tree to stay in the right direction. Climbing wasn’t hard with her current strength and dexterity. A simple use of Blink would remove the climbing altogether but she wanted to save her Mana, just in case.
The mountains gradually creeped nearer but Ilea soon realized that something was wrong. ‘Either I’m tripping or these mountains are ridiculously huge...I should have reached them by now.’ shrugging, she continued on. Night eventually fell and Ilea climbed a monstrous tree to find a place to stay the night. ‘The slope ended around an hour ago...’ Ilea wasn’t sure if she should continue on.
‘Maybe I should first fight a little and get stronger...’ she couldn’t shake of her curiosity though. Even if she didn’t really have a problem with staying alone for extended periods of time, it was months since she talked to anyone. ‘I’ll get some necessities if at all possible and then go back to train. Maybe some food...I hope the money is enough...’
 
 
It took her three more days to finally exit the forest. It didn’t end abruptly but it became less densely populated with trees, until only a few remained in the vicinity. ‘Maybe I overdid it...hopefully I’ll find my way back again.’ eating only berries and drinking from any stream she could find, the three days had passed without any major incident. The roars stopped after the second day. The forest became more populated after that, mostly wolves and harmless animals. Nothing really bothered her on the journey. 
Reaching the plains before the mountains, she once again marveled at their size. ‘This journey won’t be over for some time, now will it?’ continuing on, a worry that had bothered her more subconsciously was vaporized in an instant. “A street!...well...a road...I guess.” her mood now sky high again she started to follow the road. For three hours she didn’t come across any travelers, the mountains now seemed actually close, the terrain becoming steadily more rocky.
Seeing movement in the distance, Ilea strained her eyes ‘It’s people!’ starting to walk a little faster she saw wagons and a lot of figures walking around next to them ‘Why are they stopped though? Maybe something broke?’ then the smell hit her. ‘That’s blood...’ slowly backing up she suddenly heard a noise from her right. In the bushes a man in armor motioned her to come closer and to be quiet. She used identify on him.
[Warrior lvl ??]
He didn’t ambush me so I’ll trust him for now...first human I see in months yey.’ crouching lower and hurriedly going to the man she nodded towards him. He nodded too and talked to her in a whisper.
“Greetings, you’re lucky we caught you just now. There are some rogue adventurers down the road. We’re about to ambush them and could use a healer in the battle. If you accompany us we’ll compensate you for the services.”
“Who are you people exactly?” looking around she found around ten more people hidden around her. Some wore armor, some robes. Using identify on them told her there were some warriors, mages and rogues. Surprisingly no healers. She couldn’t see any of their levels. ‘Seems like my 13 levels aren’t that impressive after all...’
“Guard team from Riverwatch. Been hunting these guys for a week now already. Seems like today’s our lucky day.” the guard looked a bit curious at her attire but concentrated on his task.
 
 
Ilea nodded and the Guard motioned her to stay behind the team. Slowly they started creeping towards the people she’d seen before. The smell of blood started to get stronger. Advancing further they were now only around twenty meters away. Seeing how the adventurers had lookouts scanning their blind spots as the others looted the wagons, the guard made some signals with his hands.
Two of the guards nocked arrows while heat started to gather around the two mages. In a flash the arrows were released and shortly after, two scorching fireballs were launched. Two of the plunderers were struck by the arrows, one immediately dead. One of the fireballs set an adventurer on fire while the other one was skillfully dodged.
Noise filled her ears as battle cries were shouted all around her. The guards charged while more arrows and fireballs were released. After being stunned for a second, Ilea started to move. A smile on her face, she joined the fray. ‘I won’t use any skills, just punches and maybe healing my allies. There’s no telling if my magic is somehow seen as evil or whatever...medieval people are crazy.’ her cloak fluttering a little behind her, she ran behind the guards. Swords flashing in the sun while arrows flew around her. The smell of smoke and fire mixing with the blood already penetrating the air.
Jumping over the ridge Ilea stood on the road. Looking around she barely dodged an arrow fired at her “You fuck!” running towards the attacker he fired another one. Dodging to the right she found herself standing next to a one on one fight between one of the guards and a rogue. The rogue managed to sink his dagger into the guard, who answered with a heavy swing of his claymore. The swing nearly cleaved the rogue in two as his shoulder split. Blood colored both the guard’s armor and Ilea’s face. A quick scream escaped her lungs as she fell backwards, hitting herself on the wagon standing there. The guard barely took notice of her as he looked for his next target, his shining metal armor newly colored in red.
 
 
Her senses overloaded, Ilea tried to calm her breathing, nearly hyperventilating in the process. Not able to take her eyes off the newly made corpse before her, she closed them. Covering her ears with her hands she simply sat there, tears forming in her eyes. ‘Come on Ilea, move! You’ll die here if you don’t!’ getting a hold of herself she started running back to the ridge and jumped over it.
Walking to the mages and archers of the guards she simply stood there, watching the carnage from afar while her heartbeat drummed in her chest. The mages had stopped using fireballs, probably because of the not very precise way of attack while the archers sometimes still fired arrows.

Calming down Ilea’s eyes glazed over a bit. Ten minutes passed and the noise came to an end. The smell was still there, worse than before. A hand on her shoulder woke Ilea from her dizzy state.
“First battle it seems? I’m sorry to say this but our healer was injured last week and we do need your support here. Do you think you can work your magic?” Ilea looked up and saw one of the mages that stood next to her. After locking eyes for a couple seconds she hurriedly nodded.
“Can you walk on your own?” she nodded again to his question. He motioned her to follow and she did. Trying not to look too closely at the corpses around her, she knelt down next to a guard with a huge cut on his thigh. The man only grunted while nodding to the healer.
Activating her Reconstruction spell, her hand glowed a pale blue. She touched his leg and watched as the wound closed. The blood stopped pouring out and slowly the cut disappeared. Before she could finish though, a hand stopped her.
“That’s enough for me, save your mana for others.” the man again nodded to her and then rested his head while closing his eyes. Continuing, she healed three more people in immediate danger. None of the guards seemed to have died. Removing an arrow from a guards arm, she healed him.
‘ding’ ‘Reconstruction has reached lvl 3’
“That’s everyone I think. Thanks.” holding his hand out to her the guard that talked to her first, offered his name
“Dale, you saved us some expensive potions by being here lady healer. And that blue light magic is very interesting. Haven’t ever seen anything like it.” she shook his hand and offered her own name
“Ilea Spears, no worries. Glad I could help. I can finish up healing the badly injured people if you want to.” he shook his head
“They’ll heal in time. Let them suffer a bit. Even though they’re all experienced it’s good to sometimes see again that you’re not immortal.”
She nodded at that and looked around “You can come back to Riverwatch with us. Maybe we can get you some proper clothes.” Dale said and smiled a genuine smile at her
“We’ll clean up here and then move back. Don’t stray too far if you want to come. Payment for your services is in the city.” he finishes. Nodding at him she started to walk around the road, quickly finding what she was looking for.
The corpse still laid there, blood coloring the road. Guts flowing from the open wound. The shoulder was split, nearly to the stomach. Trying to keep herself from retching, Ilea made herself look at the corpse.
She stood there for a long time. The guards around her stripped the adventurers from any gear and loaded both the corpses and the gear on some still working wagons. The broken ones were burned. Someone nudged her on the shoulder. Turning to her right one of the guards motioned to the corpse in front of her “You wanna keep that?”
Shaking her head she simply turned around and nodded to herself. ‘This’ll need some time to get used to...fighting against people as a sport is one thing...killing though….’

The road cleared fast, the guards obviously experienced. Looking at them, Ilea also guessed they were all veterans. ‘They clear the corpses like it’s a job.’ a shout made her look up “Let’s get moving people!” Dale shouted and so they did.
Walking next to some of the guards, Ilea stayed silent. They joked around but still seemed ready to react at a moment’s notice.
“So what makes a healer travel these roads alone?” Dale appeared next to her
“I’ve been traveling alone for quite a while now already. I’m a pretty fast runner though.” she finished with a smile.
Laughing, Dale continued “I suppose you are. Heard you darted in and out of the fight at the start. Impressive, I won’t ask about why you did that though. Just don’t recklessly risk your life like that.” she nodded at that “And just saying...if you were one of my own healers you’d get cleaning duties for a month for that.”
Feeling a bit ashamed Ilea only nodded at him. ‘I did freeze in the fight and I suppose not knowing about my abilities it did look like a healer joined in close quarters fighting….which is incredibly stupid. Better not say anything else about that.’ Dale didn’t pry further and simply walked on.
“Can I ask you to show me a place where I can get some cheap clothes and a backpack?” hearing her question Dale nodded.
“You’ll get a couple silver for your service today. And I suppose nobody will miss a couple things looted from the adventurers...there are several shops if you don’t want to search through the stuff.”
“Thank you, I’m a bit short on money at the moment. Would be glad to take that opportunity.” thinking on it she smiled ‘I don’t really know HOW I’m doing on money exactly. Guess I’ll find out soon enough. This guy is a good man though, thankfully. Wouldn’t want to stand against this squad.’ Walking for two hours, the sound of a stream grew in her ears. Slowly it became louder, until a river could be seen in the distance. Some trees dotted the green landscape. It was already early evening, the sky darkening into a deep orange.
After another half an hour, Ilea could spot the supposed Riverwatch. A walled city built half into the mountain she’s tried to reach for the past week. ‘I was right after all...’ the river flowed at the city and then turned a sharp right, parts of the city open to the river. She didn’t talk much with the guards, still processing the fight and especially the rogue dying in front of her.
Arriving at the city the group was greeted by some guards at the gate. Passing through quickly on account of her present company, they walked through a market district with hundreds of people around and soon entered a separate walled off section. Dale again was walking next to her
“I assume you’ve never been to Riverwatch.” after not getting a response he continued “This is the southern guard station. You can have one of the rooms for the night, it’s not amazing but better than outside. With the festival so soon most inns are probably full too.” Ilea nodded
“Thanks, appreciate it. The clothes...” he again looked at her ragged pajamas
“I assumed you wanted to sleep first. You can search through the stuff now of course. Leave some for the others though.” he laughed and walked off. “I’m in the common room for another couple hours. Find me there as soon as you got your stuff. Just follow the wagon!”
Watching his back she turned around and followed the wagon with the gear. A quick glance around made her realize that the corpse wagon wasn’t here anymore. ‘Church? Or maybe burned. I wonder if there are zombies or something here. Would be amazing for necromancers to have that wagon.’ Reaching their destination, the two guards leading the wagon got off and started to move the things into an empty room.
She started to help. “Thanks, we’ll leave the stuff in there till tomorrow at least. I’ll wait outside for a while. Just show me the stuff you get afterwards. We might have to deduct some of your pay if it’s too valuable. I hope you understand.”
Ilea simply nodded ‘If I find anything good it’s even better. Won’t have to search through all the shops to get what I need.’
There was a lot of stuff. At least twelve ex-adventurers were killed in the attack. ‘Now let’s hope there were some people my size.’ It took the better part of an hour to search through the things. She found a rather nice intact set of leather armor and some brown traveling clothes for underneath. The clothes fit and the armor was adjustable so it was pretty good. In addition she took a small backpack with a clean canteen, some blankets, rope and a sturdy looking knife.
She kept the boots she had already on, liking them more than any of the ones available here. Getting out of the room she showed the things to the guard that had talked to her before. “Hmm, I’ll have to report the leather armor. That’s pretty good quality. The rest you can keep, wouldn’t want you to keep walking around in those rags.” he winked at her
“Anywhere I could wash this?” he simply pointed her in a direction after her question.
“There’s only the well. There should be some cleaning tools at the hut nearby. Use that stuff freely. If anyone asks you what you’re doing there just mention Dale.”
Ilea said her thanks and went to the well. Cleaning the clothing took an excruciatingly long hour. There was plenty of blood on it. ‘I hate not having a washing machine available...’ finishing up she took her things and went to the common hall. There weren’t many people in there. ‘Might be nicer to go to an establishment outside of the guard center...’
Dale was drinking a beer and talking to two other guards. He nodded at her as soon as he saw her. “A drink first or your room?”
Nodding back, she closed in on the table and sat down “A drink would be nice right now actually.”
“Oy Robin! A drink for the healer!” an affirmative shout was heard from somewhere behind the bar and soon she was drinking mead from a huge jug
‘Wow this is actually pretty good stuff.’ finishing half of it in one swig the guards stared at her and then started laughing.
“Been a long day eh?” The woman in front of her asked.
Ilea nodded “Never seen a man get killed...” they all were quiet for a moment after that
“To surviving.” the man next to her said while lifting his jug
“Aye” Dale agreed and they all took another swig.
She listened to them talk about the day and some gossip. Apparently they were still trying to find a guy selling poison in the city. Most of the talk was about the coming festival in three months. For the guards it meant a lot more work for the time before and after. Ilea laid out her clothes to dry next to the fireplace in the common room. Dale had noted that she got some nice things and that he wouldn’t deduct anything from her pay. ‘I don’t know why he’s so nice but I’ll take it nonetheless.’
They stayed there for a couple hours. After that, Dale showed her the room she could stay in for the night. “Thanks, appreciate the help Dale.” he only nodded
“No worries Ilea, you were a great help today.” closing the door she looked around the room. There was a rudimentary bed, a mirror and an empty chest. ‘The bed is still better than that old thing in the temple.’ putting her things into the chest, including her cloak, she glanced at the mirror and was immediately startled.
“What the fuck?!” looking away she nearly cried “I’m a fucking mess!”
            ________________________________________________________________________________  
                Chapter 6 E X P O S I T I O N
 

Her clothes were barely holding together and her hair was an absolute mess. Dried blood stuck to both her body and her clothes. ‘I must smell horrible...’ Taking the traveling clothes, she immediately went outside again. The guards on night duty looked on with various expressions as the woman took a bucket of water and walked to the shed next to the well. Ilea undressed and thoroughly cleaned herself. After half an hour of cold water and hard brushes she got into her new clothes and went back to her room. Looking into the mirror she found herself staring back at her. Clean this time.
Going to bed she removed most of the traveling clothes again and slept. ‘This is the most comfortable I’ve felt in months...’ sleep came easy even though her day held some very jarring experiences. No dreams would come to her that night and a knock on the door woke her up rather early again.
“Ilea? Sorry to wake you this early but I’m leaving in an hour and would like to finish my business with you before I go.” Dale was standing outside.
Dressing in under a minute, she put on the traveling clothes and her cloak. All her other things went into the backpack, which she slung around her shoulder. Looking into the mirror she smiled ‘Looking like a real badass there mate.’ her cloak was down and her black hair flowed freely. There was no shampoo but the washing still did wonders.
Opening the door, Dale stood there for two seconds with wide eyes before he caught himself. “Oh, morning. Sorry you look….different. Very good actually.” he scratched his beard “Guess we won’t have to check your magic for witchcraft after all...” chuckling he motioned her to follow him.
“I do hope you burned those rags.” she chuckled at his joke.
“They hold some sentimental value, though otherwise I’d agree. How can I stay out of trouble in the city?” they turned a corner, most everything in the guard center made of stone.
“Not much really, no crime obviously or you have me hunting you down. The east side is a little rougher but you can run very fast, right?”
‘Not fast enough to run away from you...’ Entering a room, he opened a drawer and after searching for a while removed a couple coins and handed them to her.
“Three silver as the standard fee for a healer in employ of the city.” she took the coins and added them to her own.
“What about the gear?” She asked but he just looked at her confused.
“What gear? I’m not sure what you’re talking about Ilea. The things on your body are yours.” she simply nodded slowly.
“Aaaalright. Thanks a ton Dale, you really helped me out here.” she held out her hand and he shook it.
“No worries, healers are always welcome, no matter how crazy they look.” winking at her he motioned her to the door. “Any plans from now on?”
Following her outside and locking the door she answered “I’ll check out the city for a while and then leave again for a couple weeks, or months. Might be back for the festival though. Three months right?”
He nodded “Don’t get yourself killed out there Ilea. Yes, the city festival starts in three and a half months. Would be nice to see you there. Maybe you can join the tournament and run around a bit.” laughing together she bid him farewell and left the guard center.
It was early morning, the city was slowly coming to life. A bell could be heard in the distance and some dogs were barking. Ilea turned around and walked to the guard posted at the entrance of the center. Nodding to him she asked if there’s a place to get general information about the wildlife, the geography and the city itself. He directed her to the main library of the city. Apparently pretty much in the center of Riverwatch. Thanking him, she left and soon found herself lost in the small alleys. She wasn’t in a bad mood though. People were finally around her after so much time of solitude. ‘I’ll get sick of it again in a day though...’ she chuckled to herself and kept walking.
The architecture was medieval and very practical. No fancy structures or statues adorned the buildings, at least not in the district she was currently in. Children played in the alleys and people started to prepare their stalls to sell whatever goods they specialized in. The closer she got to the center, the more people and stalls were around. ‘There’s so much food...’ holding herself back because of her limited finances and fear of getting taken advantage of, she hurried to the library. The guard had described it pretty well and there was a fancy statue of a woman holding a battle ax into the air in front of it, which made it hard to miss. It was still morning, so navigating around the center wasn’t that difficult. Ilea already dreaded going back out in the middle of the day though.
Entering, the air was immediately much cooler. There were shelves far into the back of the main room, stacked with books. A lone librarian was sitting on a desk and writing down on a sheet of paper. Walking up to the desk Ilea coughed once. The man didn’t look up “What?”
Shrugging at his tone she started talking “I’m not from around here and need information on the wildlife, the geography and some about the city itself. I’m looking to be an adventurer someday.” trying to sound like a foreigner, which she was. And like a greenhorn adventurer, which she also was.
“Another life...wasted to adventure...” the man mumbled, nearly sneering at the word adventure.
‘Probably lost someone close to him to it...oh well.’ the man finished what he was writing and then rang a bell that was on his desk. “An attendant will….tend to you. 5 coppers per hour. And now schsh.”
Ilea walked a couple steps back and waited ‘At least he doesn’t pretend to be nice.’ ten seconds later a girl of around sixteen years appeared and looked expectantly at the librarian. He simply pointed at Ilea.
She walked up to her and held out her hand “Hi, I’m Maria. How may I help you. Oh it’s five coppers an hour if you need help finding books or information about anything. Oh and welcome to the Riverwatch library!”
Shaking her hand Ilea looked around “Hi Maria, nice to meet you I’m Ilea. Do you have somewhere to sit down? I need to know quite a few things.”
Maria nodded and beckoned her to follow. Sitting down at a table in a separate room Maria looked at her expectantly. ‘Wow she’s motivated...did she start today?’ Ilea thought.
“Alright, as I said I’m Ilea. I just arrived here in the city. I grew up in a small village so remote that nobody has ever heard of it and we weren’t really taught much. Only my grandfather traveled outside the village and he died when I was little. I learned some things from the books we had but as I said...very little.” the girl just sat there and nodded.
“Well there are a couple very basic things I need to know. Please tell me if anything I say or ask is offensive or forbidden. I really don’t know about that stuff.” She tried to look innocent and ashamed, which she basically was in a way.
Even though there was no way she could know anything about this world in her situation it was still weird to ask a sixteen year old for general knowledge. “Sure, just ask me. If I don’t know something I’ll find it in a book or ask someone.” a bright smile accompanied her assurance. Letting out a breath she didn’t know she held, Ilea started.
“How does the money system work? I got some money from my village to help on my travels but I have no idea how much a silver coin or a copper coin is worth.” raising her eyebrows at the question the girl sighed.
“That basic of a question...hmm...” she continued mumbling very quietly, Ilea could practically hear her thought of “this is gonna be boring...” then out loud again she answered the question. “Basically it’s one to one hundred copper being the lowest, then silver, then gold. Wait...do you...know numbers? Basic math?” she had the worst fake smile on her face that Ilea had ever seen.
“I do, don’t worry. Can you tell me a couple things that would convey the general worth of money? Like how much does an iron sword cost or a piece of bread?”
Seemingly relieved, Maria continued. “Well it’s different from place to place of course. And with swords and stuff it’s super different right? Cause they have very different qualities. A basic meal costs around two to ten coppers. You can easily pay several silvers for a meal though if it’s amazing. Clothes...hmm a full set of leather armor would be around ten silver or so. A minor healing potion goes for a gold or two, depending on availability. An armor set like the city guards wear can be a gold or even several too. Again, depending on the quality. If you’re looking to not get cheated in the city it’s difficult though...you’d have to know all the products, the current market value, problems in other cities and trade routes and...”
‘Wow so those clothes and leather armor were a lot more than Dale owed me. Considering the prices for potions I don’t feel too bad though.’ Ilea stopped her there. “I got the idea. Thanks. Now what big countries are around the continent...how do you call the continent by the way? And in each what are some big organizations I should know about?”
Maria blinked “You’re weird...wait sorry! I didn’t mean to insult a customer...it’s just...”
Ilea smiled at her “It’s fine...my knowledge is only bits and pieces of whatever I could get. That’s why I’m here. I’d be thankful though if you just tried to answer the questions as simply as possible. I promise there’ll be something in it for you too.” she winked at her.
This seemed to elate the girl again “Alright..well we’re in Elos...that’s the continent. There are a ton of books on the geography. Very very broadly put the east is occupied by mostly human kingdoms up to the sea, there are many places on the other side of the ocean but few have returned and the ones who have spoke of strong monsters and very harsh terrain.”
“Northwards is the great Naraza mountain chain. There are some cities there and many different species living in it. The higher up you go the climate gets harsher though and powerful monsters occupy the place. Beyond that is mountains as far as one can see. News of adventurers pushing further reaches us every couple years but not a lot of it is charted yet. Of course before that is the Navali forest. Again many different species living there. Directly north it’s mostly monsters though. After many years of skirmishes between elves, humans and dwarfs it was kinda unofficially declared that nobody gets the place. Few travel through it anymore. The lack of regulation means a lot of strong monsters and supposedly even cults and practitioners of forbidden magic. That’s only rumors though.”
‘Wow I was right with my compass rose. That’s pretty cool.’ She thought.
“Well the western part of the forest is basically elven territory although there isn’t a lot of trade going on there so we know little. The war is of course still going on. You know about the war though I hope?” shaking her head the girl sighed, took a deep breath and continued “Elves are at war with basically everything else. Because they’re bloodthirsty and crazy. There aren’t many though so the other races could push them back into the forest. Many tried to go in there and attack their villages but nobody made it back alive. It’s their domain and most humans at least are fine with that it seems, other species still try though.”
‘Elves are bloodthirsty creatures? Interesting.’ Ilea thought
“This is Riverwatch. We’re an independent city just like seven or so more directly south of the forest. Should I get into the kingdoms and bigger cities in the east, or continue with the independent cities here?”
Ilea shook her head “That’s enough geography for now, thanks. Another thing I’m very interested in is levels and skills. You see I’m a healer from my village and nobody else really trained to be a warrior or mage there. Can you talk about that a little?”
Maria nodded “Well there are an insane amount of classes obviously...if you reach certain requirements you can chose one. A person can choose two classes, if there are any ways to gain more, I don’t know them. Just tell me if I’m too basic here...” Ilea motioned for Maria to continue.
“Well every class has certain related skills, either active or passive. I’m sure you have some too. They level up by you using them. You can level your class and skills up by killing monsters, or even other sapient beings. The stronger the better. Of course you could just use the skills a lot but it’s way slower that way. You want to become an adventurer right? So you should know this too. To join the guild you need to be level 10 at least. For higher ranks you’ll need higher levels. At least ten for each rank.”
“What’s the highest known level of a person or skill?” she asked
“Well here in Riverwatch there are several adventurers known to be over level 100. Some elite guards are in that range as well. Some old mages are said to have similar or higher levels. Skill wise I’ve heard about people having skills in the second tier at level 10 or even higher. If you didn’t know, once a skill reaches level 20 and levels again it goes into the 2nd tier. They change slightly and become more powerful of course. There are generally probably people with higher levels or skills but already low level adventurers are reluctant to share their stats. It’s not everything but you know a lot about a person if you know their stats. I can’t even guess about other cities, especially in the bigger kingdoms.”
“That was very helpful information Maria, thanks. In that sense, how important are levels anyway, of humans and monsters….let’s say for example...a Drake.”
Maria didn’t show a major reaction to the word so Ilea was relieved “Well a level one person with a high enough leveled skill could hurt or even kill a level 100 adventurer. It’s unlikely but levels don’t mean everything. With monsters it’s even more apparent. The Drake you mentioned is a very strong beast, having dragon’s blood in its veins. A level five Drake could be a tough challenge to a level thirty adventurer. There have been sightings of them only a week or two to the north by the way, so be wary of that place. So a level thirty Drake could probably take a level 80 wolf but there are so many factors involved in fights it’s hard to say really...as I said...levels are just a base number. If one beast is ten times as fast it can kill the slower beast even if the slower one has one hundred levels more.”
“Alright, I see I see. The last thing I wanted to know is about gear. Generally weapons, armors and clothing. Are there ways to enchant them with additional powers, maybe even status points?
“I’ve never heard of armor with stat improvements honestly but it wouldn’t be too weird. The best things I’ve heard of add some special ability to the wearer but they’re very rare and people tend to be super secretive about them. Mostly adventurers wear that stuff because they found it in a dungeon. Hope that answers your question.”
“It does. The last thing...you mentioned dungeons, what are they exactly?”
Maria continued “Well there are places where the natural magic is very strong. Monsters tend to gather there and whenever there are enough, some form of evolution can happen. Nobody really knows yet about the process. A boss monster is born or evolved and the monsters in the dungeon will turn more aggressive and unite under the boss. Sometimes they even leave to attack villages or cities. They also breed faster and sometimes even drop rare loot when killed. Adventurers like to go there to strengthen themselves and find better gear. Or simply to make money.”
“Well I guess that’s all for now. Thanks Maria for the kind help. Keep the rest, that old geezer doesn’t need to know.” leaving a silver piece on the desk Maria started to fumble with her words “It’s fine.” Ilea said as she got up and walked back to the main hall. The talk was barely an hour long but having such an enthusiastic girl help her was the best. ‘She didn’t go into too much detail. Wouldn’t want to read about the specific creatures and kingdoms anyway. Exploring them on my own seems more fun. Heh...thinking like a true adventurer already...’
Leaving the library Ilea frowned ‘It’s barely been an hour and look at all the people...I want my temple back.’ starting to descend the stairs to the central square she started to smile ‘I guess it’s not so bad in this world...now for the food...’
It was still early in the morning but many stands already sold food. The smells filling the streets were wonderful compared to Ilea’s Grass only diet. Getting some grilled meat at a stand she walked on while eating. A nice looking salad, several interesting juices, two sausages and what she thought was a kebab later, she sat down in a park overlooking a big part of the city. “Ouuf, I’m having a food baby…,” The sun was shining bright on the city. Half of it cornered on the mountain. A tree provided shade for Ilea. The busy city below her. “Fuck I forgot to ask about the different stats...”
            ________________________________________________________________________________  
                Chapter 7 Broken Bones
 
 
Getting ready to leave the city in the evening of the same day, Ilea had visited the library again and bought a lot of food. As much as would fit in her new backpack. She had also visited a tailor to explain to her how she had to put on the leather armor. It was surprisingly complicated. In addition she bought a piece of flint for fire making and a small pouch for her money, leaving her at 1 Gold, 1 Silver and 25 Copper coins. Luckily there were bigger pieces of copper coins to prevent having a one kilogram heavy pouch.
‘Seems like I’m ready for now. I’ll continue to work on my skills till the festival. Hopefully I can fight and kill some Drakes...’ thinking on that she left through the same gate she came from. Sadly compasses weren’t a thing here but some questions she asked at the library on her second visit about the sun and stars left her with a vague ability to navigate. At least at night. ‘Perfect really with my cloak...’ she thought while walking down the same path she had traveled on yesterday with the guards. She could easily join an adventurer team but was still unsure if any of her abilities weren’t common or even forbidden. Getting killed because of that wasn’t on the top of her list. ‘I’ll probably see a ton of abilities at the tournament in three months.’
Running nearly the entire way back she was faster than before and even leveled Endurance once. She had put the remaining ten of her stats in both Vitality and Intelligence, both now at 45. Apparently no additional stats were known of...at least it wasn’t common knowledge. ‘If I get one someday I’ll handle it then.’ the other stats were pretty much the way she thought of them. It seemed a little more fluid though, the strength of a spell could be improved by Strength too and not only by the magic related stats. Many people had at least a certain amount of points in all stats.
Finding the slope again she was happy to not have been lost. She had known how long she traveled and more or less in which direction. Back at the temple she warped downstairs and smiled. ‘Home sweet home...or prison...whatever’ Depositing her new stuff on the ground next to the bed, she used the blankets she got from Dale to make it a bit more tolerable. The shelves were dusted and stocked with the food she bought. ‘I’ll have to ration it for the next three weeks, hopefully the preservation runes work on food as well as they do the books. And I do have to eat the grass.’ According to Maria, skills normally gained levels only after weeks of training...without killing anything that is. Expensive Elixirs could supposedly speed up the process. Only very rich or powerful people had access to them though. ‘I mean using the grass and killing things can only be better, right?’
Sitting on top of the temple and looking at the forest and the stars, Ilea enjoyed some of the smoked meat she bought. ‘I do like it here...the feeling of freedom is something else...I never felt like this on Earth...if this is virtual reality then they fucking nailed it...’ lying down on her rather comfortable cloak and using one of the blankets as a pillow, she enjoyed the sky nearly as much as the meat. ‘Tomorrow I’ll find one of the Drakes and fight it. Apparently they can breathe fire to an extent, are very fast and tough. We’ll see if they’re too tough for Destruction...’ looking at her fist absentmindedly ‘...that Golem certainly wasn’t.’
Blinking back down to her chamber she was much happier. She had food, blankets and even a backpack. ‘Damn I should get candles or something...not for down here though, this place is a fire hazard. In the main hall though...maybe.’ Ilea fell asleep to thoughts of candles and a burning chamber of awakening.
Morning came and Ilea left for her hunt. Not before eating a generous amount of Bluemoon grass though. Blinking upstairs Ilea looked at her hands and wondered “Hmm...I’m not nauseous anymore at all...at least not with Blink.’ looking suspiciously towards the room she was teleported from she turned again and left the temple.
‘Now I just have to wait for a roar.’ running around in the forest she collected any Cinderberries she could find and patiently waited for her prey. Or predator, she wasn’t quite sure yet. After half an hour she heard the first one.
Running into the direction of the sound Ilea soon lost the trail. ‘Back to square one I guess.’ waiting again she used Magic Perception to look around. There was only a faint glow, nothing especially bright. ‘I really have to use it more often...’ another roar got her out of the thought. ‘That one’s closer.’ again speeding into the direction of the roar with her Aura skill active she soon reached the place where it came from.
Standing there was what she was looking for.
[Drake – lvl ??] 
It eyed her suspiciously as she slowly approached. “Nice kill you got there...” she gestured towards the corpse of some now unrecognizable animal at the ground. The Drake opened its maw and roared at her.
‘You have heard a mighty beast’s roar, movement is slowed by 15% for one minute.’
“Well it seems your food is g...” she couldn’t continue as the beast opened its mouth again but this time it was not a roar that came out. Immediately Blinking ten meters to the right the place she stood in before was obliterated by fire. Heat filled the area and a smell of burned wood and leaves penetrated her nose.
“Let’s play then!” the woman said with a smile on her face that might have seemed uncharacteristic on her for everyone in her old life but her kickboxing friends. The Drake turned his head towards her and breathed fire. This time she was ready and jumped to the side with all her force. It wasn’t quite enough to dodge completely, her left arm got badly burnt. Immediately using Reconstruction on herself the arm began to heal as the Drake advanced. Its speed was just as described. Ilea barely managed to dodge to the side as a swipe from its maw passes next to her head. ‘Teeth...’ she thought as she kept channeling Reconstruction into herself. The healing magic was being absorbed by her burnt arm, skin reformed and turned a bright pink.
Gritting her teeth Ilea was glad for her pain reduction, otherwise she wasn’t sure if she would’ve even been standing. Rushing at her again, this time she was ready. She dodged to the side at the last moment and kicked the beast in its side with Destruction. Getting further away through the kick she landed, she looked at the beast. It turned and breathed fire again. This time she blinked directly behind the beast and kicked it on its neck. It turned to swipe at her with its teeth but she was already ten meters further back, the kick having propelled her.
Turning around it charged again. The same event repeated several times until the beast was too cautious to approach. ‘I’ve hit it at least ten times now...come on, no reaction?’ just as she started to become frustrated, blood leaked out of the monster’s maw. Her smile broadened, immediately after having to dodge another assault of fire. She appeared next to the beast and used a series of jabs with Destruction to attack its side. The Drake staggered, not able to dodge the teleporting mage and not able to hit her with its fire. ‘It’s definitely weakening’ a sudden kick of the Drake sent her flying. Blood coming to her mouth, she stopped herself on the ground ten meters further back. Wincing she activated Reconstruction. ‘Ribs broken ey?’
She felt her bones bending back to their original shape but had to stop healing because of the pain. Even with the 50% reduction, it was too much for her. Losing concentration in a fight like this could prove fatal. Still she was smiling. “You’re one tough motherfucker, you know that?” talking to the beast only made it more infuriated. Roaring at her, it charged again. Its steps not as sure as before. Just when Ilea dodged, the beast used a sudden change of movement to tackle its body into her. Her half healed bones cracked again and she fell to the ground, the monster on top of her.
Both are barely breathing, blood collected on the forest ground. The air was thick with smoke, and a strong smell of blood, burnt wood and flesh lingered around them. Coughing up blood Ilea tried to push away the Drake but it was too heavy and her injuries limited her too much. The glow of her Aura spell faded as she was no longer able to sustain it. All her mana was going into Reconstruction, barely keeping herself alive.
They lied there for ten minutes, her HP was going up and down at the same time. Soon after the Drake stopped breathing.
‘ding’ ‘You have killed [Drake]. For killing an adversary 30 or more levels above your own you receive bonus experience.’
‘ding’ ‘Azarinth Healer has reached level 14. 5 Stat points awarded.’
‘ding’ ‘Azarinth Healer has reached level 15. 5 Stat points awarded.’
‘ding’ ‘Destruction reaches lvl 15’
‘ding’ ‘Reconstruction reaches lvl 6’
‘ding’ ‘State of Azarinth reaches lvl 11’
‘ding’ ‘Blink reaches lvl 8’
‘ding’ ‘Body of Azarinth reaches lvl 5’
‘ding’ ‘Azarinth Fighting reaches lvl 13’
The smile never left Ilea, even though the pain was terrible. ‘Why do I feel so good when there is so much pain...I’m not into that kinda shit…fighting is the best!’ coughing up another load of blood her regenerated mana went directly into healing her body. Slowly she stabilized. After that she entered a meditative state and restored a third of her mana. Healing herself up to her full HP, she activated her Aura again and pushed the Drake off of her. The body was heavy. Looking down at it she spoke “Can I eat you?” trying to lift it she barely managed to drag the beast. ‘Well I guess this is training too...’ It took nearly an hour to drag the corpse back to the temple. Luckily nothing else attacked her on the trip back. Using Blink left the beast behind, so that wasn’t an option.
Arriving at the temple she deposited the drake in the middle of the main hall. Gathering wood in the forest, she returned and built a fire. There were enough holes in the ceiling for there to be plenty of airflow. The flint worked like a charm with the knife she got from the killed adventurers. Trying to cut into the drake proved hard though. Impossible really. “Well only one thing to do then...” activating her Aura spell she used several jabs to loosen the scales and finally penetrate them. Making the opening bigger, she made a huge mess with Drake blood squirting all over the place.
After half an hour of struggling, she had finally removed enough of the scales to cut some of the meat inside. Continuing her work on the scales the meat grilled over the fire. She used rusty remnants of kitchen utensils to build a makeshift grid above the fire. ‘These scales could be amazing as some sort of protection. Maybe someone can help me put them on my leather armor. They were a dark red. ‘Will have to find a blue Drake...’ she thought as she peeled off some leftover skin from a severed Scale.
Already being midday, it was evening when she was done. The meat tasted horrible, even with applied salt that she had brought from the city. ‘Too much muscle. I should hunt some domesticated cows...’ finishing up she stored the scales in the chamber library. There was plenty of space after having removed all the rotting shelves. Ilea had to use Blink several times to get all the Scales downstairs, seemingly having a weight limit on the things she could carry with the skill. This weirdly didn’t apply to the backpack she had used before. ‘Next time I’ll put the scales in there and then use the skill...’
Putting out the campfire, she looked at the bloody Drake. Only flesh remained. ‘The bones...I bet I could use those...’ being too tired to remove all the bones from the Drake though, she dragged the corpse outside and threw it into the forest. ‘Dinner for whomever...’ going back inside she warped to her chamber and slept upon hitting the bed.
Waking up, Ilea was hungry. She ate more Grass than she had ever before, continuing with some smoked meat. ‘I eat too much meat...’ she thought but still continued to eat. Warping upstairs she was greeted by a very close roar. ‘Oh man...this day starts great...let’s nearly die again...’ smiling already she put the ten gained skill points into Vitality and walked outside.
The nearby Drake with green scales looked up at the intruder. “Eww, cannibalism! You’re gross man...’
[Drake – lvl ??] 
Looking at her the Drake growled and prepared to breathe fire. Tattoos coming to life Ilea immediately blinked to the Drake’s side and punched it three times. Warping to the other side to avoid a kick, she repeated the punches. The kick came and she dodged to the left, now standing right under the Drake’s head. A strong uppercut sent destructive magic through the beast and right when it tried to bite her she blinked above it and sent a powerful kick into its neck.
Blink at level 8 cost only around 15 Mana to use, less if the distance was short. Combined with the hits of Destruction it was a considerable mana drain, but with 500 Mana at her disposal Ilea wasn’t stingy. ‘The higher the level, the cheaper the skills will be. And how do you level skills?...’ the Drake ran away a couple meters and turned around while breathing fire at its previous location. ‘...by using them...’ blinking again next to the beast she again managed to hit it three times before she had to back away from a kick. Growing desperate, the Drake charged at her at a slow speed, sometimes bursting in speed to make her use the teleportation spell. Occasionally she brought in a punch or two before having to blink away. Blood already visible on the Drake’s mouth it took only another two minutes for it to go down.
“This time not on top of me!”
‘ding’ ‘You have killed [Drake]. For killing an adversary 10 or more levels above your own you receive bonus experience.’
‘ding’ ‘Azarinth Healer has reached level 16. 5 Stat points awarded.’
‘ding’ ‘Destruction reaches lvl 16’
‘ding’ ‘State of Azarinth reaches lvl 12’
‘ding’ ‘Blink reaches lvl 9’
‘ding’ ‘Azarinth Fighting reaches lvl 14’
“Nice...Reconstruction didn’t level but I mean I wasn’t hit...” deciding not to move the corpse inside the temple again, she dragged it to the clearing in front of it. With some experience it was a little easier to remove the scales. Getting them all into the backpack and then using blink actually worked. ‘Interesting...will ask about this when I get back to the city.’ settling into meditation to restore her lost energy, she Blinked back outside. Checking the bodies, she realized that the one from yesterday had less meat on its bones. ‘I mean the green one did eat some of it...maybe I can let the beasts do my work...’ leaving the corpses there she searched for more Drakes.
‘My skills and levels are growing astronomically fast...it kinda feels like cheating. Is that all the Bluemoon Grass? Or maybe because I’m fighting alone against monsters with a much higher level. Will ask about that in the city too...’ grabbing every Cinderberry she could find, Ilea listened for another roar. After another hour of walking around she heard it. The fight went much the same. Knowing the Drakes and their abilities she overwhelmed it with her Destruction spell and blinking. ‘No level up this time huh?’ sitting down next to the downed Drake, she started to remove its scales again while restoring the lost mana and stamina.
“And so the grind begins...” standing up with a smile on her face, she ran back to the temple to get her backpack. This process repeated another four times that day, her levels progressing steadily. Coming back to the temple, she ate some grass and cheese on the roof of it while looking at the sunset. ‘Only one more thing for today.’ finishing up, she Blinked down into her chamber. Going to the library she ignored the already sizable amount of scales. Crouching down next to the pile of Cinderberries she collected, she smirks. ‘Reconstruction, here I come...’ eating one berry, then two, then three she healed herself steadily while her health depleted and then came back again. Half an hour later she received the message she’d been waiting for.
‘bing’ ‘Reconstruction reaches lvl 5’
“Well it works...but it’s fucking boring...maybe I can let the Drakes hurt me….nah, that’d be crazy. This is safe and easy. I can read some of the other diaries from the other chambers...will get some books from the city during the festival. Hopefully they’re not too expensive.” Going to sleep, Ilea smiled and dreamt of fighting Drakes.
Three months pass like this. The amount of Drakes she killed increasing every day, even though she had to search farther and farther for new prey. Her speed increased with every Stat point she put into Strength, the time needed for rest after each fight lessened with each level in Endurance and Wisdom. The rapidly leveling skills amplified her damage the stronger she got. After three weeks she even stopped collecting the scales, the way back too far to justify the trip. Her first skill to reach the 2nd stage was Destruction, the skill becoming far stronger than before. Additionally the ability to choose how much mana to use per strike was added to the skill. Most of her mainly used skills reached the second stage after around another week of fighting, the progress slowing down extremely after that.
Running through the forest at full speed with her Aura activated, Ilea scanned her surroundings, the trees flying by. Ignoring any wild animals, she was searching for more of her prey. ‘Where are you Drakes...’ she had only found two so far today. ‘I’m behind...the first time in three months I’m behind. They don’t seem to respawn as they do in video games, that at least is sure.’ running into a big clearing a loud roar made her stop.
Looking to her right, a Drake walked out from the tree line. It was the biggest Drake she’d seen so far.
[Drake – lvl ??] 
‘Not a different name, looks different to me though...’ heat gathered around her as the Drake unleashed his fire breath, a much bigger cone than usual.
            ________________________________________________________________________________  
                Chapter 8 Death


Having to blink away twice, she healed the sustained damage she received in between the teleports. Her clothes took the brunt of the heat, the leather armor and traveling clothes not looking as good as they had three months ago. Blinking again, she dodged another fire breath. ‘You’re annoying...’ she started to rapidly advance towards the beast while healing herself. Blinking left and right occasionally to confuse the beast, she got closer and closer. She had learned that the Drakes would not use their breath if the target was moving too fast.
Reaching the beast, she prepared a punch to its left side but the Drake looked towards the ground. And breathed fire. The flames spread around the Drake and covered it completely. Her extended right hand still on fire, Ilea shook it out after having blinked away backwards. ‘Might be why it’s black...’ smelling the burnt flesh, she grimaced ‘Been a while since one of them got me that badly...’ a smile returning to her face, she moved into a stance ‘It’s also been a while since I was that excited to fight one of them.’ Repeating her move from before, the Drake did the same thing and pushed her back. She didn’t get burned this time but still couldn’t reach her adversary.
‘I don’t have any ranged attacks...and I doubt I can outlast it with mana...’ blinking back towards the Drake, she kicked from above while the fire spread around herself and the beast. ‘The only thing I have that it doesn’t...’ the flames engulfed her and she screamed. Her kick connected and she warped away, immediately using Reconstruction. ‘...is healing...but fuck that hurts...’ The beast looked at her with anger in its eyes. A deep roar filled the clearing.
She dodged two more cones of fire as while advancing again. Her Reconstruction spell working overtime through the whole fight. With her current level and mana quantity it wasn’t an issue. Reaching the Drake again the same event repeated. Two punches staggered the beast as Ilea gritted her teeth through the fire and flames, her clothes and armor getting scorched in the process.

‘bing’ ‘You have learned the General skill Heat Resistance. Ignoring the warnings of your parents and friends, you refuse to not stand in fire. This skill will help lessen the damage and pain a little. - lvl 1’

“Perfect timing...” blinking in again she kicked at the monster. Trying a new approach the Drake didn’t burn her but snapped at her with its sharp teeth in a flash of movement. Ilea screamed as her right arm was crushed by the beast’s strong jaw. Finding herself unable to blink away, she used her free arm to punch at the Drake’s head. Her mana was rapidly draining as her Aura spell, healing spell and her Destruction spell each were being supplied. This continued for four seconds, her health declining slowly. The Drake, seeing itself at the losing end of the exchange let go of her arm, jumped back and released fire again.
Blinking directly above it she got a kick in before the drake moved its head to the ground to cover itself in flames again. With bloodshot yellow eyes and blood around its mouth, the monster stared at her. Ilea didn’t look much better as she returned the stare. Unceremoniously, the Drake collapsed. ‘It’s still alive...’ she noted, working hard to heal herself. Ilea fell down to one knee, breathing hard. Her eyes never left her adversary as her burned body slowly formed new skin. Patches of her once nice traveling clothing were blackened or completely missing now but it still held together.
After a minute of healing she blinked to the beast and kicked hard in its unprotected belly. Then she blinked away again. She did this two more times until the Drake stopped moving completely.
‘ding’ ‘You have defeated [Drake]. For killing an adversary 30 or more levels above your own you receive bonus experience.’
‘ding’ ‘Azarinth healer has reached level 47. 5 Stat points awarded’
“Damn, that guy was over lvl 76...” quickly going into meditation she slowly walked up to the downed Drake. She noticed in the past couple months that she could see any beast’s level with up to 12 levels above her own. When she leveled Identify to two, the limit increased to 14 levels above her own. Which meant she could see the Drake’s levels after a while, some were even below her own. They did vary greatly though, likely a product of their territorial behavior.
Reaching the Drake she started to remove its scales. ‘This is much harder than any others so far...’ finally penetrating the closely connected scales she removed one
[Charred Drake Scale – High Quality]
‘Nice! So far they were all just Drake Scales...’ she kept removing scales for the better part of two hours, enjoying the sun in the clearing. The height of summer having passed two months ago, it was still rather hot. At least she thought of it that way, the climate and seasons could be different here than they were on earth after all.
“Now how the fuck am I going to move them...I don’t have my backpack here and I’m like two hours away from the temple, even at full speed...” looking down at the pile of scales she sighs “I really want them though...” filling any pocket in her burnt clothing and her cloak, she managed to get around a third of them.
‘Guess I’ll have to come back tomorrow...’ seeing as it was already late in the afternoon, she made her decision. ‘Don’t want anyone taking them though...even though I haven’t met a soul around here so far.’
Leaving the clearing she used her hands to dig a hole in the soft earth and then put the remaining scales in there. Around twenty scales now rested below half a meter of dirt. Scratching a nearby tree with a nail Ilea marked the spot. ‘Let’s move back then...’ speeding up, she ran through the forest towards the slope with the temple. Occasionally she scared off some wolves. They seemed to have retaken a big part of the forest after the Drake population suddenly plummeted for some weird reason.
Stopping sometimes to grab any Cinderberries in her path, she reached the temple around two and a half hours later. Getting some grass from the chamber, she sat on the roof of the temple and enjoyed the sunset. Eating berries and Bluemoon grass had again become the norm after her supplies ran out a month ago. Eating wild animals wasn’t an option either anymore with her salt gone. It would nourish her of course but the taste was bland. ‘Cinderberries still taste great...I love them.’ the damage she sustained from them was reduced greatly by her high poison resistance. She didn’t even have to use her Reconstruction spell anymore while eating them.
Having finished her meal, she warped down to her chamber and deposited the Charred Drake scales. Nearly a third of the library room was now full with various scales and bones. The new population of wolves helped her greatly by removing the meat from the dead Drakes. The bones were too dense for them to eat, probably even hurting their teeth when trying to gnaw on them.
“Bone armor here I cooome!” Ilea said as she lay down on her bed. “I think tomorrow I’ll go back to Riverwatch. It’s been two weeks since good food and the festival starts soon anyway. Guess I’ll finish up here in the morning, pack my backpack and go get the rest of the charred scales. Maybe I can sell them in the city or have something made from them...I doubt my money’s enough for that though.”
Checking her stats as she did every evening she grinned. The incredible progress she made in the past three months a testament to the Bluemoon Grass and her ability to fight much higher level beasts nearly all day long for all that time. She had even gained some stat points apart from the ones received from leveling her class. ‘I’m so glad the Drakes are such a bad match for my class and skills. If I were a swordswoman or a simple fire mage I’d be dead a hundred times over...and with no healing...’ shuddering at the thought she closed her eyes and soon fell asleep.
Her gained stats amounted to three to five in every category. Leveling from 15 to 47 she received 160 Stat points. Ilea distributed them with a focus on Vitality, Endurance and Wisdom. She didn’t neglect any of the other stats either though.
Name: Ilea Spears
Class 1: Azarinth Healer – lvl 47
Unspent Stat points: 0
- Active: Destruction – 2nd lvl 17 - Active: Reconstruction – 2nd lvl 8 - Active: State of Azarinth – 2nd lvl 14 - Active: Blink – 2nd lvl 10 - Active: Free Slot - Passive: Body of Azarinth – 2nd lvl 3 - Passive: Azarinth Fighting – 2nd lvl 15 - Passive: Magic Perception – lvl 8 - Passive: Free Slot - Passive: Free Slot
Class 2: None
General Skills:
- Elos Standard language - lvl 5 - Identify - lvl 3 - Meditation – lvl 2nd 4 - Poison Resistance – lvl 16 - Heat Resistance – lvl 1
Status:
Vitality: 90 Endurance: 76 Strength 50 Dexterity 50 Intelligence 70 Wisdom 80
Health: 900/900 Stamina: 760/760 Mana: 779/800
Reaching the second stage, her skills gained new effects. In addition to the increased power and cost reduction at each of their own level ups. She noticed that all skills in Azarinth Healer with percentages would grow 0.5% higher with each level.
Skills: Azarinth Healer:
Active: Destruction – 2nd lvl 17: Send a destructive pulse of mana into your enemy with every punch or kick. The stronger the physical force, the higher the damage caused. 2nd stage: The amount of mana used per strike can be regulated with a maximum of 20 mana per strike.
Category: Healing Active: Reconstruction – 2nd lvl 8: Send a healing pulse of mana into yourself or your ally with a touch. This skill can be channeled. 2nd stage: Your control is increased greatly, you can now focus your healing on specific parts of the body. Category: Healing
Active: State of Azarinth – 2nd lvl 14: Your body glows with the power of Azarinth, increasing your resilience, speed and strength by 51.5% [after bonuses 103%]. 2nd stage: Your sight, hearing and sense of smell is also affected by State of Azarinth Category: Aura – Body Enhancement
Active: Blink – 2nd lvl 10: Immediately appear at a distant place. Distance based on the level of the skill. 2nd stage: The time between blinks is reduced greatly. No ground contact needed between blinks. Category: Teleportation Magic
Passive: Body of Azarinth – 2nd lvl 3: Your body was changed by magic. All pain is reduced by 25% [after bonuses 50%]. You heal even fatal injuries without help of healing magic. Your natural regeneration is improved by 61% [after bonuses 122%] 2nd stage: The magic of Azarinth settles inside your body. Your resistance to magical damage is increased by a static 15% [after bonuses 30%] Category: Healing
Passive: Azarinth Fighting – 2nd lvl 15: You are familiar with the fighting style of Azarinth. Damage inflicted with your own body and related skills is 92% higher [after bonuses 184%]’ 2nd stage: Getting used to fighting in close quarters, your reaction time is increased by a static 10% [after bonuses 20%] Category: Body Enhancement
Passive: Magic Perception – lvl 8: This skill lets you see magic. Can be activated or deactivated on command. Category: Body Enhancement
Compared to the Azarinth Healer skills, her general skills didn’t grow as fast. Except for Meditation, which she used between every fight and every eaten cinderberry to restore her Mana and Stamina. Meditation’s effectiveness grew by 3% per level. Likely because of its already high starting point.
General skills
Elos Standard language - lvl 5 You can speak and read the Standard language of Elos
Identify - lvl 3 You can grasp general information from someone or something. 12 levels above as a base, after that 2 per level more
Meditation – 2nd lvl 4 While in the state of meditation you cannot move. Your mana and stamina regeneration is increased by a factor of 369%. This factor is improved upon leveling up the skill. 2nd stage: Your familiarity with Meditation lets you move slowly while the skill is active
Poison Resistance – lvl 16 You are a target of assassins or not very good at distinguishing berries. Surviving either of those you have developed a general resistance to poisons.
Heat Resistance – lvl 1 Ignoring the warnings of your parents and friends, you refuse to not stand in fire. This skill will help lessen the damage and pain a little.
Ilea woke up in the morning and felt ready. “Doesn’t really make sense to hunt Drakes here anyway. Most are below or around my level at this point. The Grass is coming to an end too.” Checking her own chamber, it was empty of the valuable herb. She had removed the lamps from the hall below two months ago and was happy to find they worked without any external source. The chamber was thus not dark. Opening one had revealed a crystal inside. It pulsed a dark red when viewed with Magic Perception.
The diaries revealed that the order regulated the use of the grass strictly, some people staying in the chambers for years to reach the second stage of even one skill. Gregory, whom’s diary she was the first she read, had stayed in the chamber for over five years. The other chambers were nearly empty too, only one of them still holding a small amount. Having tested the effects, she had used different amounts on different days. Eating a higher amount equaled a consistent increase in her skill leveling, so she concluded her overuse of the grass to be simply a shortening in leveling time. ‘Which means there are ways to powerlevel skills here, if enough resources are available. Not sure how many people can do that though, considering the time it took for all that grass to grow...’ looking at the roots with her magic perception, she could see that there was still power and the grass would grow again. Not for a long while though, according to the diaries.
Stashing one of her blankets and the remaining grass from the last chamber that held any in the backpack, she blinked above. “Man my clothes are messed up, I’ll need new ones as soon as I reach Riverwatch...if they even let me in like this..” chuckling to herself she thought of all the fights she had with the Drakes and all the times she nearly tasted death. She only took the necessities with her, leaving quite a lot of room in her backpack. “I’ll exchange the scales with fooood.” smiling, she left her temple.


Ilea walked towards the clearing she’d fought the Drake in yesterday. Not running and in a good mood, she needed around six hours to reach it. The forest seemingly more alive than ever. ‘Killing all those Drakes seems to have created a lot of room for other animals.’ bowing to a deer that immediately darted away at a full sprint she shouted after it “You’re welcome!!” entering the clearing she saw that some of the Drake’s meat has already gone. “See, I’m even feeding the animals….a true saint of nature...” smiling to herself, she identified the bones but found them to be of the same quality as the other Drakes.
‘I’m actually kinda glad I don’t have to carry them back...’ lifting her head, she looked for the place she’d buried the scales at. Unearthing the treasure she stacked them next to the hole when she heard a crack behind her. Turning around she found a young man looking at her. His focused look turned annoyed as his posture relaxed. “She found me guys!” to his sentence, two more men and two women came out from hiding spots further inside the forest.
Quickly using identify on them all she checked them. The man in front of her was a level 52 warrior. One man was a mage at level 41, another a rogue at 48. The first woman was a level 45 ranger, while the last of their group was a healer at only level 18. The ranger punched the healer mockingly while speaking “Hey look, we found another one… and alone… what a lucky coincidence!” the healer looked to the ground, seemingly afraid. “And at such a high level… today really is a very good day.” said the warrior before her with a smile on his face.
“Stop looking at me so fucking creepily you twat.” Ilea said, after confirming their levels.
He didn’t react at all, looking at her as if she was as irrelevant as the tree behind him “Come on Hog, grab her and we’ll move on. It’s a long way back.” The rogue simply grunted in response and twirled his knifes, looking at the healer in their group.
The woman lightly trembled and seemed to stare at the ground even more intensely. “Did you find an interesting worm?” the mage asked her and the group laughed in response.
“Nah, I think then she’d be looking at you guys.” Ilea said to which they quieted down pretty quickly.
“She’s getting on my nerves Tom. Can we start?” The Ranger asked the warrior, apparently called Tom.
“Why again are we doing this? We only needed to get that one.” The mage asked, staring at the warrior with a tired look on his face.
“Well now she knows too much anyway. Why not, I doubt she’ll make problems. Maybe we can sell her to the army even. They’ve been looking all over the place for healers and any type of support mage.” The warrior said and looked at her. Ilea tensed up a little as she focused on the people around her.
‘Surrounding me eh… the healer girl isn’t moving though, I guess she went through a similar situation?’ locking eyes with Tom she asked “Who is she?” nodding towards the healer, Tom’s smile broadened.
“Nice joker cosplay… where’s the green hair though?” Ilea asked.
“Calling me a joker… and that is none of your concern. Don’t resist or we’ll be forced to hurt you. Not that you’ll have much choice anyway.” the Ranger released an arrow in that moment, faster than any human had the right to draw a bow.
Her aura activating in an instant, she blinked behind the ranger and punched her with all her strength. Destruction released on impact and she could feel the ranger’s spine splinter instantly. A quick yelp left the woman’s throat as she slumped down. Silence filled the space around them as every pair of eyes was focused on the corpse before Ilea.
‘I k… I killed her…,’ the thought froze her in place.
“You whore!!” Tom screamed as he rushed at her with a quickly drawn sword.
The yell jerked her out of her frozen thoughts, Ilea felt the air behind her change and immediately dodged to the right. One of Hog’s daggers sliced her left arm.
‘You have been poisoned by [Dreaded Wyrmgrass] -1 HP/sec for 5 Minutes. Natural regeneration won’t heal sustained wounds.’
Activating Reconstruction out of instinct, the wound on her arm closed. Feeling the air cool around her Ilea blinked to the left, a stream of ice freezing the place she was standing in a second ago. Seeing the mage lowering his arm she Blinked towards him ‘I can think about this after I kill these fucking lunatics, it’s self defense after all.’ reaching the mage after another blink, dodging an explosion of ice she kneed him in the stomach. ‘He’s too dangerous with his ice magic’ releasing Destruction from her knee, the mage fell to the ground, immediately coughing up blood.
Another punch to his head cracked his skull, killing him on the spot. She felt the air distort next to her while she delivered the punch and with her fist’s impact a dagger entered her side. Grabbing the hand on the dagger she squeezed. Bones were crushed as Hog screamed, struggling to get out of her hold. He attacked her with his other dagger but Ilea blocked by grabbing his hand with hers. Dragging him closer she head-butted him with her full force and Destruction. The sickening crunch of his head made her reel back. Blood and bits of his head on her face, Ilea stumbled away from the falling corpse of the Rogue.
Using Reconstruction on herself, focusing on the open wound in her side she swished at her face with one of her arms. Tom reached her then, his sword already moving towards her. She blinked behind him but he turned immediately, a slash of his sword cutting open her stomach. Another swing was dodged as she blinked twenty meters away. Using all her healing, she stopped the bleeding. The wound slowly closed. ‘I need three more seconds for that cut...’ she thought as another power enveloped her, helping her heal.
“Stop you idiot!” understanding the situation she shouted towards the healer but it was already too late.
Tom’s angry grimace turned towards the girl and in a dash of insane speed he reached her, his sword stabbing into her stomach. Ilea’s blink followed right after, catching his second stab with her right hand. Squeezing, his metal armor dented. A grunt left his body as he let go of the sword. Blinking behind the man, Ilea grabbed his head and snapped it to the right. The crunch reverberated through the forest and then there was only silence.
Sinking to the ground, Ilea removed the dagger in her rib that the warrior had stabbed her with in the last second. Checking her health she was down to a third, the poison still in her veins. ‘Should’ve used Cinderberries you idiot...’ starting to laugh she healed herself. A whimper got her out of her hysteric daze. Looking down at the healer, her face quickly turned serious. Feeling the tears streaming down her own face, Ilea swished them away and crouched down next to the girl.
            ________________________________________________________________________________  
                Chapter 9 Graves to dig
 

Ignoring the messages she had received from the fight, she started to heal the girl before her. “Fuck, don’t die you idiot!” The wound on her stomach slowly began to close but the life was already leaving her. ‘I can feel the life draining out of her...I won’t make it...fuck...isn’t there...’
In a last ditch effort, Ilea blinked to her backpack that she lost somewhere in the fight and removed some of the Bluemoon Grass...’10 vitality if she makes it...’ Blinking back, she chewed the grass in her own mouth and then put it into the girls mouth. Making her swallow by holding her mouth closed she kept her Reconstruction spell up.
After that the girl stopped moving. Keeping up her Reconstruction, ten minutes later the healer twitched. Her face distorted by agony, she started to scream. “Guess you’re not one of the 35% who die...”
Still not letting off on the healing, she watched the girl under her thrash around with tears in her eyes. The screaming stopped after a while but Ilea knew the pain was still there. Half an hour passed of Ilea stroking the woman’s hair and healing her. Stopping the spell, she meditated for five minutes to restore some of her Mana and then continued.
The girl’s breathing became weaker in the five minutes but started to pick up again with the resumed Reconstruction spell. ‘Fuck I’m glad I didn’t kill you there girl...’ repeating the same process two more times, the girl finally relaxed. Opening her eyes they were red from the crying. “I...I...” putting a finger on her mouth Ilea stopped her “Ssssh, don’t talk yet. You’re safe now. Sleep.” a shudder ran through the healer as she closed her eyes and immediately fell asleep.
Setting the girl down slowly and resting her head on the blanket she brought, Ilea sat back and checked her health. “At half still...man I’m glad that guy didn’t have a more potent poison...” looking towards the corpse of the Rogue she started to meditate. Her natural Mana recovery was 1%. Adding the 1% she had received from eating the Bluemoon Grass initially it was at 2%. The wisdom stat added an additional 0.1% recovery rate for every 10 points. At 80 that made 0.8%. So her recovery was 2.8% of her Maximum mana per minute. While meditating it was around 10%. So she was back at full mana after ten minutes.
Healing herself with the recovered mana, she again used her healing spell on the girl. ‘Better safe than sorry...’ five minutes later she got up again. ‘Man...I really killed them...’ looking around her it smelled faintly of blood. ‘...all of them.’ having an uneasy feeling in her stomach, Ilea made herself look at each of the corpses. Turning them to look at their faces. ‘They were awful people and they even attacked me first…I know my actions are justified but man...’ looking to the sky she could feel tears coming to her eyes. She looked down again and walked towards the girl. Laying down next her, she started to cry as she used Reconstruction on the healer whose life she had saved.
Two hours later Ilea got back up again, her throat was dry and her eyes were red. Walking up to the Ranger she looked at the face distorted by death. Crouching down she closed the woman’s eyes, fingers lingering for a long moment. Breathing in deeply she walked to a tree nearby and punched it. Only using her raw strength without any skills, she exhausted her stamina. The process took another hour, the tree barely surviving the assault. Slumping down next to it, Ilea slowly breathed in and out.
“This is difficult as fuck...” looking at her hands tears started forming at the corners of her eyes “No, not again...” getting up she walked to the ranger and undressed her, piling all the clothes and gear next to the sleeping girl. ‘She looks like she’s seventeen or so...’ Going through the same process with the three men, she didn’t remove their clothes. Only their weapons and other valuables were dropped on the pile. Identifying their clothing revealed no special gear.
Walking to the clearing, Ilea activated her Aura and started to dig. Half an hour later, four single meter deep holes were produced. Getting out of one, she moved the corpses inside. They weren’t close to as heavy as a Drake would have been and with her new strength she could easily lift their combined weight. Still she carefully moved one after the other. Each she buried with their face looking up, their eyes closed. She stayed silent through the whole process, looking at each of them for another minute before covering them with earth.
Sitting down on the ground, Ilea waited for a while. ‘Maybe I should get some sticks for crosses...’ forgetting the idea as quickly as it came she got up ‘...well I don’t want a necromancer to find them...wait, maybe I should have burnt them...oh well. I hope zombies take a couple days to wake up.’ Going back to the girl and the pile of gear, she started to undress. Her cloak was seemingly unaffected by all the fire and bites from the past three months was removed first. ‘Damage still gets through...I guess the High Quality thing has something to do with it not breaking...’
Washing the ranger’s clothes a little with some water in one of their bottles, she put them on. They were a very similar style as her old traveling clothes, but seemingly more sturdy. Keeping with her own boots, she moved through the group’s stuff. ‘84 Silver and fifteen bronze...’ adding the money to her pouch she used Identify on all the weapons. They seemed in pretty good condition.
[Iron Sword – Medium quality] 
[Eldwood Bow – High quality]
[Poisoned Dagger – Low quality] x2
The mage didn’t have a weapon. ‘They must’ve had a camp somewhere...impossible for them to travel with only this much...’ looking at the bits of food and three canteens they had with them.
“I mean I’ve traveled with less but they even had spare clothes...” looking at the bow, Ilea started smiling. ‘I’ve always wanted to try one of those...’ reaching for it and the quiver next to it, she walked to the clearing. Setting the things down she went back and moved all the other things, including the healer girl.
A day passed as Ilea realized that her bow and arrow skills were severely lacking. Her strength allowing her to shoot arrows at a high speed and her dexterity allowing her to shoot them fast, she still missed nearly all her shots. Towards a tree...from ten meters away. Occasionally she walked over to the girl and used her healing spell on her. Some wolves would wander near occasionally, sniffing around. Some arrows fired in their general direction would send them running though.
Remembering the messages from the fight, she checked them.
‘Azarinth Fighting has reached 2nd lvl 16.’
‘Body of Azarinth has reached 2nd lvl 4.’
“Two level ups...they were only my level though...maybe fighting all of them at once changes something?” Looking over at the girl she wondered.
‘I hope she wakes up soon, I’ll have to sleep in a while...’ using the meditation skill, Ilea could postpone sleeping for a couple days but it would weigh on her mind. Another day passed like this, the girl waking up in the afternoon.
 

 

Opening her eyes slowly, Alice started coughing immediately ‘Wh.. what’s wrong with me… I… I need water…,’ looking up, there was a woman standing there with beautiful black hair, wearing brown traveling clothes. Panicking for a second, she realized that it was not the same woman who wore those clothes before. Using identify on her out of habit, the woman was using a bow and arrow in an awkward way.
[Healer – lvl ??] 
The arrow flew into the forest, not hitting anything in the process. Coughing again, the woman looked towards her with a frown.
Tensing up, Alice scrambled backwards. The frown turning quickly into a worried expression as the woman came closer.
 

 
 
‘She finally woke up...did I sleep that long too after eating that glowing moss?’ walking next to the trembling girl, she grabbed one of the canteens. Opening it, she held it to the girls face, who after a doubtful pause started to drink. She didn’t stop until the bottle was empty. Handing her another one, the girl continued. Looking up she made eye contact but immediately turned away again. Patting her head, Ilea smiled at the girl. “You’re safe now...they...they’re gone now.” seemingly panicking for a second, the girl looked around frantically until Ilea grabbed her hand. “I will not hurt you.”
“What’s your name?” the girl’s eyes widened a little as tears slowly formed.
“I’m A… Alice… th.. thank.. thank you!” holding Alice’s hand while she cried, Ilea felt a little awkward.
‘I’m not good at this stuff...this girl has probably gone through some traumatic shit and I’m supposed to help her? I’m a college student working in a fast-food joint for fuck’s sake...’ sitting down next to the girl, Ilea just let her cry for a while.
“Alright, it’ll get dark again in a while. Let’s get moving. Oh and I’m Ilea.” Helping the girl stand up her stomach rumbled. “Here.” giving her some of the remaining food from the group she’d killed, Ilea put the sword and daggers into her backpack. Joining the charred scales already resting in there.
Getting on her cloak, she also put the blanket, food and canteens into the backpack. There wasn’t space enough for the bow and quiver, so she handed it to Alice. “Can you hold on to this?” Alice’s eyes widened again as she looked at the bow but then nodded a moment later.
“Now I know you’ve probably been through some horrific shit and frankly I’m the wrong person to talk to about that stuff so I won’t even ask.” Alice simply looked at her “So fact is, we’re out here and I’m tired. I know a safe place but it’s hours away and I don’t think you can run as fast as me… no offense.” looking around Ilea locked eyes with her. “I think I heard you speak before so I assume you do have that capability?” a second later Alice nodded again.
“I.. I mean… yes. I can speak, yes!” looking at the descending sun, Ilea put on the backpack.
“Congratulations… those fuckers.. .did they have a camp? I mean… only if its close and you… you can handle going back there…,” Alice was seemingly becoming a little uncertain at that proposition “… we can burn it down when we leave again if you want to.”
Thinking it over, Alice nodded “That would be nice, yes.” standing there awkwardly for ten seconds Ilea inclined her head while looking at Alice.
“You’re aware that I don’t know where the camp is?” twitching a little, Alice pointed in a direction
“I’m sorry… it’s somewhere there… only about twenty minutes away…,” starting to move, Alice followed her.
“Tell me when we have to change directions.”
They continued for ten minutes without talking. “We have to go this way…,” changing directions a little, they soon reached the campsite. Three tents and a fireplace.
‘Seems rather basic to me… let’s check their backpacks…,’ looking behind her Ilea saw Alice with an unreadable expression on her face staring at something. Following her gaze, Ilea’s eyes fell upon a tree. She watched the healer rub her hands.
Her stare stayed focused. Activating her Aura, Ilea walked to the tree. Kicking the tree sideways, her shin moved right through the dense wood, her leg coming out on the other side. Splinters and a groan of the tree answered her as it slowly fell down to the side. Directing it with her hand, the tree smashed into another one and then to the ground. Looking behind her, she caught a flash of a smile on Alice’s face. Vanishing as fast as it came, the girl looked down. “Change of plan. Let’s get what we need and burn it down now.” moving to the tents she searched through them. A couple backpacks with food and other things one might need for traveling was everything that could be found.
Emptying all the backpacks, she filled her own and one more with food and a copy of her own needed utensils. Handing the backpack to Alice, she got on her own and then moved everything else together in a pile. Getting some small sticks and wood near and half below the pile, she silently started a fire with her knife and flint. Alice watched on, not uttering a single word.
As the flames grew, Ilea seemed to see a spark in Alice’s eyes. Not finding any words to say, the two women simply stood there as the fire consumed the rest of the campsite. The sun went down as they stood there, the crackling of the fire the only noise in the vicinity. An hour went by, only the light glow of embers illuminating Alice and Ilea. “We should move.” Ilea stated, got on her backpack and started to walk. Alice followed.
Finding a clearing with a fallen down tree, Ilea stopped. “We’ll stay here for the night. You have watch for four hours or so, then you wake me. If there are any beasts coming, wake me immediately.” Alice stared at her frightened “Don’t worry, just wake me. I really need sleep.” Laying down with her head on her blanket, Ilea slept in a matter of minutes.

 
She woke up as something tugged at her shoulder. “M… Miss I… Ilea… please wake up…,” looking up at a frightened face with big brown eyes, Ilea looked around.
“It’s been four hours?” the girl shook her head.
“N… no… it’s, I couldn’t sleep anyway. It’s a… already nearly morning but…,” a growl stopped Alice. Blue light illuminated the still dark clearing as Ilea got up.
“Alright, come on out whatever you are.” as if answering her call, four wolves emerged from the tree line. She lifted her foot and stomped down, the ground rumbling a little, the wolves fleeing immediately.
Looking at Alice, the girl’s eyes were huge “Already morning you say?” sitting down again with her back to the fallen tree, Ilea opened her backpack. “Might as well have breakfast.” offering some meat and dried fruits to Alice, the girl accepted. “So what’s your story?” gulping down the bite she was eating, Alice cleared her throat.
“I’m studying magic in Dawntree… me and my peers were on our way to Riverwatch for the festival next week when…,” gulping once, she continued “My carriage had to stop because of a broken wheel… they k… killed the driver and t… took me. T… they said if I resist they w… would kill me too.” waving her off Ilea tried to smile at her.
“It’s fine, the rest is history… and they’re dead now. Just to be sure, there were only four of them right?”
Alice nodded “Again… thank you. I owe you my life miss… Ilea.” shoving a piece of fruit in her mouth Ilea nodded.
“No worries, they were huge asshats. I’m on my way to Riverwatch myself. Maybe we can find your friends there and maybe watch the tournament together.” Alice brightened a little at that
“Well it’s going to be very full… my school has pretty good places though, even a whole house to stay in!” getting excited at the prospect and forgetting the past week with her tormentors a little.
“Well then let’s do this… as repayment, you’ll get me one of those spaces.”
Alice nodded vigorously, seemingly happy to be able to repay her at least a little. “You can even stay with us!” shaking her head at that, Ilea smiled.
“I’ll be fine somewhere in the woods outside the city, don’t worry. Not the biggest fan of roommates.” thinking on it she continued absentmindedly “Maybe Dale has a spot free...” Alice perked up at that but didn’t ask anything.
“What kind of magic can you do? All I know is that you’re a healer...csorry if the question is rude, I’m not from around here…,” Ilea said but Alice only shook her head.
“Nono, it’s not rude to ask that...I’m a Corinth Healer...” seemingly not getting a reaction she added “...that’s an order of healers in Dawntree. I go there half the week and the other half I spend in the College of Magic. I’m studying to become an enchantress as my second class...”
“That’s quite impressive actually...I’m an Azarinth Healer.” the girl’s expression didn’t change “It’s an order of healers quite a far way from here...we heal and fight at the same time.” Alice nodded
“I’ve never heard of that order...any healers fighting for that matter. Well old man George was an adventurer once and his second class is something related to fighting...you’re very strong though! You won against all four of them alone!” patting her head for some reason, Ilea smiled at the girl
“Yes yes, I’d rather like you to keep all of that to yourself though. Let’s say I sneaked you out of their camp or something alright?”
Nodding, Alice affirmed “Of course, I won’t say a word about your abilities.” moving her hand in front of her face in a gesture that indicated silence.
Ilea smiled “Thanks, appreciate that. It’s apparently a great trump card to have if everyone thinks you’re just a healer….by the way, did you get a message regarding some Bluemoon Grass?”
Alice nodded “YES! The bonuses are amazing but that was very painful...very...”
Ilea nodded “Yes, trust me I know. That is another thing I’d like to keep a secret though. You could now actually become an Azarinth healer yourself if you like. There are only a couple books you’d have to study...” shaking her head Alice declined
“Thank you, I know it’s very special for an order to share something like that with me but I’m sworn to the Corinth order. And I really don’t want to fight things like you do...no offense...”
Ilea chuckled “None taken...I myself don’t know why I enjoy it so much...just tell me if you change your mind.”
Standing up, she dusted off her clothes “You sure you don’t want to get some sleep?” shaking her head Alice stood up too.
“No, I want to get as far away from this forest as soon as I can...” getting on her backpack, Ilea nodded.
“Sure, let’s get moving then Alice. To Riverwatch.” The sun starting to shine through the dense trees, two women could be seen walking southwards. Birds greeting a new day with their songs.
            ________________________________________________________________________________  
                Chapter 10 Catch a ride
 
 
Walking in the forest, Ilea used the opportunity to ask questions since Alice was likely someone who would keep quiet “Hey Alice, I was wondering. I know this might sound weird but our order sometimes didn’t teach us basic things...” 
Looking briefly in her direction, Alice kept walking “Ask away Ilea, I’ll gladly answer if I know anything…,”
Putting a fruit in her mouth Ilea chewed and swallowed.“Thanks...well I was wondering how skill growth is influenced by how you use the skill, the things you fight...how many people are in your group and...do you know about Elixirs?”
“Well yea, Elixirs are super rare. I think our order has some too but they don’t tell me that stuff. Only the genius students would get them anyway. It increases the growth of certain skills, often related to specific classes. That’s what I know. Skills level faster in combat situations, even if you just heal someone. It’s faster if you’re healing while you’re in combat. Additionally the general growth...also of levels, is decreased a lot by how many people are in your group. It’s still generally more effective to be in a group, that’s why adventurers go to dungeons together for example.”
Nearly stumbling on a rock in the way, Alice caught herself. In the pause that followed Ilea asked her next question “So if I’m fighting something alone instead of with four people, I level five times as fast?” 
Alice nodded “Yea, well theoretically...only crazy people do that though because you normally really need a healer or someone to block damage from beasts as a mage channels his or her spells. Hmm...now that I think on it, you’re really not limited by that...is that why you travel alone?”
“Yea, that’s one of the reasons...” Ilea stopped for a couple seconds to get a sip of water before she caught up with Alice again.
“You asked about the levels too right? Well you get a lot of bonus experience for both your class levels and your skills by fighting monsters or people much higher in level than you. Again, that’s kind of crazy because they’re obviously stronger than you.”
‘That explains my fast growth. A combination of all those things...well we’ll see how fast my skills level once the Grass is used up.’ feeling her backpack, the last remains of grass were in there. Enough for maybe a week of training. She had learned that even though the light of the grass would fade after a while, the effects from eating it were still there. “You mentioned wanting to become an enchantress as your second class? Is there a limit to what second class you can chose?”
“They really didn’t teach you a lot in your order. There isn’t really a limit no, you can be a swordsman and a cook if you like. Or a water and fire mage at the same time. In general it’s more common for people to choose two classes that complement each other. Like for example a swordsman and shieldbearer. Or a fire and wind mage.”
Thinking on it Ilea had another question “Which class is seen by identify? And can people with a higher level of the skill see both classes?”
“Not really, well I mean I don’t know anyone with the skill in the second stage. It’s very hard to level that one up. They will see a generalization of your highest leveled class. I can only see healer when I use the skill on you.”
 
Ilea motioned for Alice to stop “We’ll eat lunch here.” sitting down on a mossy rock she opened her backpack and took out some food. Alice did the same before they both ate in silence. “What would you suggest to me as a second class?”
Alice was a bit taken aback by that question but seemed to concentrate on it quite intensely for a minute “Hmm, I don’t think I know enough to be of much help here...you fight with your body right, so definitely nothing with weapons. Some magic? Ranged doesn’t really complement you so maybe something with body enhancement spells?”
Ilea nodded “That sounds pretty cool… I’ll look into that… thanks for the suggestion.” They completed their meal in silent contemplation ‘Something like a lightning or rock enhancement combined with my current skills...that would be amazing...wait’ looking towards Alice her eyes sparkled a little “Is there magic to fly?” 
Alice only nodded while she peeled a fruit “Sure, I mean most classes have a ton of skills to choose from, only five active and passive can normally be chosen though. I think a lot of magic schools have flight spells but they’re pretty advanced. High leveled mages normally travel that way. Not very high up though, there are some nasty creatures higher up in the sky and they don’t like to share. At least that’s what an old mage once told me.” She said and chuckled.
Giddy with excitement, Ilea listened intently to every word Alice uttered ‘I’ll be able to fly...oh my god, that’s fucking amazing!’ calming down again she continued her questioning “What about teleportation magic, like the skill I used in the fight...” 
“Well again, there are a lot of spells like that too, they’re even higher up than the flight spells though. You must be a very high level! Normally they’re not anywhere near as fast. Yours helps you fight, more commonly mages use it to flee.” Alice replied.
‘Well I got it at level 10 so that’s awesome...although I didn’t get any other skills after that. I guess it’s a quirk with this class.’
“Oh… what about gear and stuff I carry while I teleport?” Ilea asked and again Alice knew the answer. 
“Normally you can teleport the things you’re wearing including a backpack and some additional things. Here the spells differ greatly though. I hear it’s not very nice on the stomach though…,” a frown from Ilea confirmed the story.
‘She knows literally everything...guess their order or the college are pretty good….or this is all basically common knowledge here...’

Finishing up, the girls got ready again. Alice began walking but Ilea stopped her “Wait a second, I have an idea… I really don’t feel like walking for two weeks to Riverwatch…,” changing her backpack to the front, she crouched down. “Get on my back darling.” Alice just looked at her and raised her eyebrows.
“Are you kidding me?” the stern look on Ilea’s face made her move quickly though. With Alice on her back, Ilea’s runes started to shine blue as she began to run with a large grin.

Wild animals moved out of the way from the fearsome screaming predator. The two women tore through the forest at an incredible pace, Alice’s screams soon turning into laughter as she tried to hold on to her mighty steed. Four hours later they stopped for a rest. 
Laying on her back, Alice smiled at the sky. “You’re fucking crazy you know that right?” 
Eating something, Ilea smiled. “Oh girl, you have no idea. You feel like sleeping?”
“I don’t...” Alice sullenly mumbled.
Ilea put her backpack on again “Well me neither. Let’s continue then.” They ran through the whole night, occasionally stopping to drink, eat or relieve themselves. The sun came out again, yet Ilea didn’t stop. It was midday when the forest started to seem less dense. Soon they were standing in an open field, mountains taking up half of the skyline.
“Already out? Have I gotten this much faster…,” Ilea grinned mischievously. “Even with all this weight…,”
Tapping her on the head, Alice frowned down at her “Hey, that’s not a nice thing to say to an eighteen year old!”
Crouching down for her to get off, Ilea then sat down on the ground “You’re eighteen? Better eat some more then girl. We’re only a couple more hours away from Riverwatch. Ready to see your friends again?” Alice’s smile slowly waned as she nodded.
“Let’s get there then...my mighty steed.” Running off again, the two reached the river in half an hour. Following it, they soon found a bridge. “Let’s walk from here, it’d seem weird for me to carry you and I hate attracting attention." Letting Alice climb down, they walked over the bridge, the water rushing below them, a warm late summer breeze blowing through their hair.
 
 
Walking for fifteen minutes, they started to see the city of Riverwatch in the distance. Different to when Ilea came there last time, there were hundreds of tents in front of the city and all along the river. “Seems like this festival is the real deal…,”
Nodding next to her Alice takes in the sight “They do this every ten years ever since the founding of the city. This was supposed to be the first time I…,”
Getting closer to her, Ilea squeezed her hand lightly. “Believe me Alice, things will get better.”
 
 
With those words the two entered the mass of people. Food was being sold even in front of the city, as adventurers, guards and farmers mingled, everyone in a merry mood.
As they reached the city gates a guard stopped them. “Names and business please.” 
Ilea was surprised as Alice took over, not able to use Dale as her ticket into the likely already overfilled city. “Alice Forkspear, with the Order of Corinth, and my lovely assistant, Ilea.”
The guard’s eyes went a little wide as his posture straightened considerably. “Lady Forkspear, please excuse me. I expected a more… well, bigger entourage.”
Alice waved him off and entered. Turning towards the guard, she asked for someone to lead them to the house they were staying at. The guard happily complied and another guard lead them through the busy city. 
Walking for half an hour, they finally reached a rather big mansion near the mountain. The guards outside of it having different armor on than the city guards and stood at attention as Alice neared the gate. Another guard behind the gates ran to the mansion door. As they reached the gates, several people rushed out of the building and opened the gate. 
A middle aged woman with graying hair nearly tackled the girl as she embraced her in a hug. “We worried SO much! Where have you been?? Wait let’s get inside first. Thanks for accompanying her adventurer, you’re dismissed.” talking to Ilea in an off handed manner Alice stopped her.
“Tell Inna I have to speak with her, alone, and this is Ilea, she is to be treated as my equal and is to be taken care of in one of the Guest rooms.”
The woman went through around thirteen different facial expressions at the uttered sentences, ending with a bow to Alice and then to Ilea. “At once lady Forkspear.” motioning another woman over, she told her to take Ilea to one of the guest rooms. 
Raising an eyebrow at Alice, Ilea shruged and followed the woman inside.

 
“Oh my god...” standing in the supposed guest room, Ilea simply stared at the bed in front of her. 
“Is everything alright miss?” the woman next to her asked. 
In near shock Ilea manages to reply “Well...yes..more than alright to be quite frank.” the woman nodded. 
“Would you like something to drink or perhaps eat?” Nodding at the request, Ilea stammered out a yes. Bowing deeply, the woman left the room. Ilea walked close to the bed and touched the corner… and then jumped on top of it with a squeal. The food arrived shortly after, Ilea nearly drooling at the smell alone.
“Thank you so much!” with tears in her eyes, she shook the servant’s hands who just stood there with a confused expression on her face.
“It’s fine my lady, it’s only food from the festival. The cooks didn’t have time to prepare anything yet...I hope it’s fine.”
Getting close to her ear Ilea whispered “It’s perfect darling.” Giggling, she took a bite from the potato dish in front of her. ‘How the fuck did I survive on Grass??’ she ate and lounged around for half an hour before lying back into the bed in a state of pure happiness.
Ready for a nap, a knock on the door snapped her out of her reverie. 
The woman who had ran outside to greet Alice opened the door. “Miss Ilea? Lady Forkspear wishes for your presence.” Getting up from her perfect bed, Ilea nodded and followed the woman to a bigger room upstairs in the mansion. The walls were adorned with paintings and exotic looking plants.
 
 
Getting into the room, there were only two women in there. Alice and an older looking woman with a sad look on her face. “Hey there…,” Greeting the women, Ilea stopped in the middle of the room. 
“Hello Ilea. So Inna, that’s the woman who saved me. She would like to keep the circumstances of the fight to herself and I shall respect that request.” The woman named Inna approached Ilea and abruptly hugged her. 
Releasing her two seconds later she locked eyes with Ilea. “I thank you from the deepest of my heart for what you have done for us. We would be happy to reward you with anything at all possible.”
Shaking her head Ilea looked at Alice “She promised me some seats for the tournament. Food would be nice too…. Oh… and… the bed… the bed in the guest room, I’d like to have it.” A little ashamed at her request, she looked down at the ground.
Inna just glanced at her and then towards Alice “I told you Inna.” looking back at Ilea she continued “Ilea I want to thank you again too. I’ll leave today for Dawntree, I’d like to be with my family after… you… ” opening and closing her mouth, she caught herself again “I’m afraid I'll likely not see you for a while… a long while. I hope you do understand.”
Nodding at her, Ilea smirked “As I said Alice.. Things will get better and I believe in you. Do not worry about me, I’ll find my way.”
Alice then suddenly ran towards her, hugging her as deep sobs reverberated through the room while they stood there for a full minute. 
Letting go, Alice brushed away her tears. “Come visit sometime in the future…,” with one last look at her, Alice left the room.
 
 
Inna solemnly looked at the door for a while “You know… some spark in her has gone… it’s terrible…,”
Ilea as well watched the door “As I said, I believe in her. She’ll find that spark again.” nodding after a while Inna turned towards her.
“I do hope you’re right Miss Ilea. We’ll get you the best seat we can at the tournament. Food will be supplied to you directly from our best cooks and the bed is for you to do with as you please.” 
Shaking her head, Ilea smiled “A normal seat at the tournament is fine, I’d like to not attract too much attention. I won’t say no to the rest though.”
Nodding at that Inna thanked her again and excused herself. Leaving the room soon after, Ilea went back to her new treasure. Sitting on top of it, she removed her cloak, covering herself in a soft blanket and going to sleep in total comfort for the first time in what seemed like forever.
            ________________________________________________________________________________  